decide. He decided to cheat in
the upcoming election. And he
got caught.
That was an example from the
congressman about Heidi was
taking the personal and
political
and also referencing President
Trump. Who is there audience
right now?
>> I think they are thinking
about their constituent. Some of
them are thinking about
reelection and that is not to
say that what they said was not
sincere but we see on both sides
there is a PR element to this.
The Republicans are angry but
they amp up the anger a bit for
the cameras. The Democrats are
sincere but they want to
demonstrate to the public how
serious and solemn they are in
undertaking this very dramatic
and historic move.
That has been a theme in the
Democratic messaging ever since
the impeachment inquiry (we
heard it from Nancy Pelosi on
down, the idea that this is a
solemn moment. This is not a
moment there celebrated, this is
not anything they wanted. I
think they have been very
concerned about being credible
messengers for this
accountability not looking as if
it is a partisan exercise.
Will become in your Roundup last
night because you are working on
this like the live update
covering this initial markup
hearing last night. You had this
great line that you wrote
Democrats in repentance portray
the vote as a moment in history
and they are to be on the right
side of it. We did
hear Democrats saying I was by
her Republican colleagues could
be on the right side of it. But
Republicans have the same
refrain. Repugnance tried to
cast the vote today as loyalty
to the Constitution and our
founding fathers. The case they
made was the impeachment was put
in place not to be a single
party decision but it was
supposed to be something that
you collectively decided. There
was fear among the founders that
if you did do a single
party impeachment the country
would be terribly divided
>> the Republicans are
encouraging Democrats to vote
their conscience and vote
against impeachment each one was
appealing to the other to do
right by history.
>> Let's talk about the
Republican arguments last night.
It was largely on process and
then outrage at the fact
that, in their view, Democrats
have been trying to impeach the
president for years now. Not
just for the last couple of
months. You heard over and over
again Rebecca been saying and
they do has of Democrats they
can point to specifically you
have been trying to impeach the
president since the day he was
elected. You hear many
arguments, though on the
substance of the charges.
>> You did not. Most of it was
process and the fact that this
was a witch hunt as the
president would call it, a sham,
hope, this was an attempt by the
Democrats to finally after three
years of trying, find something
to pin the president down on and
impeach him. You did not hear a
lot of conversation about the
phone call
with Volodymyr Zelensky or the
withholding a military aid. With
the military a question to come
up the only point they did, was
the aid was eventually released
and no harm was done.
In terms of the president's
behavior in the president's
actions you did not hear the
Republicans defend that at all I
think.
>> I remember interviewing
Congressman Al Green three years
ago early 2017. Right after the
president was inaugurated really
calling for President Trump's
impeachment.
So we saw quite quickly couple
of members who were kind of
stepping out as to what Speaker
Pelosi wanted them to be doing
and calling for impeachment very
early on.
And that is what the Republicans
are pointing to now pico it has
been a huge part of Republican
messaging to point out the idea
that so many Democrats wanted to
impeach Trump from the start.
Were so upset about his election
. Obviously, the election had
been interfered with by Russian,
there was fundamentally unfair
that Trump may have confided
that interference.
Democrats only some of them had
extremely feelings about that
from the beginning. We knew it
was a challenge for Nancy Pelosi
to keep her members in line
because she obviously did not
want it to look like it was a
foregone conclusion. The
Democrats were just hunting
around for the right excuse to
begin an impeachment proceeding.
We know that there was a lot of
tension in the caucus about
this. Nancy Pelosi waited until
this Ukraine's saga to begin
while members of her party were
making motions that there were a
number of actions Trump had
taken that could have incited
this in the past. I think it has
been
a difficult exercise in
leadership for Pelosi. What I am
very curious about is once we
get to the house floor likely
next week, will we see the
Democratic caucus remain
unified. It does not sound like
we will pit it sounds like there
will be a handful of Democratic
defections because we know that
public opinion on impeachment
has really not moved that my
>> That's such a great point and
I want to dig more into that in
a moment. It seems like at this
point the judiciary committee is
because we heard the Democratic
house is absolutely for voting
for these articles of
impeachment, the repugnance
absolutely against it.
>> For three years we have heard
from people
that are now in the majority
talk about the crimes of the
president.
And where are they? Well they
can sing Mr. President come in,
we will be fair with you, come
tell us about the crimes. And
here's the crimes you have
committed. And where are they
now that we have the articles of
impeachment?
A vague abuse of power,
obstruction of Congress. The
very thing is the majority has
done. I would have expected
President Trump to just say you
came after me, my business
Associates, my family now.
I'm going back and I'm going to
make billions of dollars, the
heck with you guys but he has
hung in there. It is amazing.
>> Democrats would certainly
love it if President Trump
decided had enough of this. And
it's not looking like that. The
president has been on the
campaign
essentially pushing back at this
impeachment process. I want to
dig into the articles themselves
a little bit because we will be
hearing a lot about them in very
specific detail this morning.
This hearing, this markup
hearing is expected to get
underway in just about 10
minutes time. Let's talk about
unity and possible defections.
>> Beaker
Pelosi is very good at vote
counting and very good at
pulling the caucus together. She
knows her rank. She is also
someone who is willing to allow
members develop how they need to
vote.
Whether does to vote their
conscience or whether it is to
keep their seats come reelection
time
>> that's right and Democratic
leadership has said they are not
going to whip this vote. That
means they are not going to
putting really tough pressure on
members to vote the party line.
Whether that is true behind the
scenes, we are not quite sure.
But Nancy Pelosi is dealing with
the caucus in the house that is
made up of a huge range of
members from different areas of
the country from districts, many
of which elected Trump. She is
dealing with these purple
districts when district
Democrats who feel as if they
were to vote for impeachment,
their reelection would be in
"Jeopardy" and then the house
majority for Democrats would be
in "Jeopardy". It is kind of a
share political question in a
certain way. And perhaps by
easing up on some of those
members
, she does herself a favor
politically.
>> Now she can have defections
but only a certain number.
I was going to say there is no
way but we cannot predict
anything that is going to
happen. Is very unlikely that
Speaker Pelosi would allow a
vote to go to the floor she was
not 100% sure she had the votes
to pass something as grave as
this assets significant as the
>> The chances that this passes
the for next week is almost at
100%, let's put it at 99%. To
Alisa's point about the
Democratic caucus. You had a
number of progressives win in
2018. Like AOC, like Ilhan Omar
on the platform of defeating
President Trump. You had a
number of Democrats win in these
purple district on jobs,
healthcare.
So those voters were not
interested in what Trump did and
who he talked to in Ukraine,
they're worried about their own
pocketbooks.
So in order for Nancy Pelosi to
keep the majority, it is not
those progressives that she
needs to worry about. They are
going to win reelection. It's as
moderate Democrats and that's
why Nancy Pelosi has been so
reluctant to even bring up
impeachment. That's why it is
with a heavy heart I think she
is doing this because as
Republicans have taunted her,
this could cost them the
majority put we heard that last
night. We heard Republicans
saying say goodbye to your
majority.
>> Okay part of trying to keep
everyone happy especially the
moderates is creating these
limited articles of impeachment.
There is some progressives and
activists outside and serving in
Congress would have loved to
have seen a laundry list of
articles of impeachment listing
all kinds of things whether it
is the emollients clause,
whether it is
President Trump's treatment of
women. You could have throw the
kitchen sink it here and made
some people happy but that is
not the way the Democrats chose
to go. Let's talk about what is
actually in these two articles
of impeachment.  We have got
abuse of power which is a very
broadly defined article
was so much that happened bid
Trump in Ukraine, the
withholding of aid, the pressure
on Volodymyr Zelensky, the
withholding of a Whitehouse
meeting for some time. This
whole idea of the alleged quid
pro quo is in that article.
In the second one we had is
Trump's response to the inquiry
itself. Obstruction of Congress.
President Trump telling
deputies, telling agencies not
to comply, not to handover
documents, not to allowed
officials to testify. These are
two very clearly defined
articles that I think Democrats
knew that if the American people
are going to understand
anything, it would probably be
those. We are not getting into a
lot of ancillary issues.
>> Colby does this out moderate
Democrats go back to their
districts and say look, yeah,
I'm going to vote for this, for
this very specific thing, this
very specific set of actions,
the president is alleged to have
taken.
You know, were going to move on
from it after that
>> they are going to try to go
out there like Ely said and
explain these articles because
they are pretty simple in
nature. You can understand
the present makes a phone call,
the present withhold aid, the
president asked for an
investigation into Joe Biden.
That's not hard to wrap your
head around. Like the mullah or
investigation was very
complicated and trying to
impeach him on the Mueller
report would've been a huge
challenge for Democrats. The
reason why Nancy Pelosi wanted
to hold dismal before the end of
the year
was so they could get back to
healthcare and all the things
that the moderate Democrats want
to run on next year picot of
course they're still working on
Capitol Hill. December is often
a really busy time on the hill.
It's like everything that has
been in the works is do or die
time and it's time to get it
passed or let it wither on the
vine. So we are seeing our
college report on everything
from like a new NAFTA trade deal
on D at down. Who wins in a case
like that ?
>> Right so what was interesting
is that Nancy Pelosi announce
the articles of impeachment and
almost in the next breath
announced a negotiation with the
White House on trade.
Which is a huge win for
President Trump. He is been
fighting for trade in a new
NAFTA since the beginning of his
presidency. So if he ends up
getting that, that is going to
be another talking point for him
on the campaign trail next year.
Certainly moderate Democrats
or Democrats at large can
campaign on that as well.
>> They can also say we are not
hung up on impeachment right.
>> Yes of the whole argument of,
you know, we can walk into, at
the same time. We can do two
things at the same type
>> I think that is a message
they are hoping they can take
back to their districts. As the
sun undergoes its
trial I think Democratic
leadership is hoping that these
members will be back at home
focused on this kitchen table
issues, putting impeachment that
aside for now and doing what
they can to bolster their own
reelection
>> Also space force one of
President Trump's other goals
looks like it is going to happen
with attached to it
parental leave for federal
workers. Which is something that
Democrats have been pushing for
a long time. It is also a
priority of Ivanka Trump, the
presidents daughter. She's going
to take a lot of credit for
parental leave for federal
workers
>> 12 weeks.
>> Which is significant for
federal workers.
>> Also something Democrats can
go home and say we are not just
hung up on impeachment, we are
doing other things at the same
time. Okay so as we watch today
we are expecting to see these
two articles of impeachment gone
over with a fine tooth comb
which is what happens in a
markup. Ultimately, the goal of
Democrats at the end of the day
is to vote on these two articles
and pass them out a committee,
call me
>> right and that's what we will
see at the end of the day.
You'll see hours and hours of
debate, hours of fighting, most
of the Republican side bit at
the end of all this they are
going to debate, vote on article
1 and they will vote on article
2. They're going to get all the
debate out of the way on the
front and and then do those two
votes at the very very end of
this markup which could end up
being in the early evening
likely.
>> We know there a couple of
constraints on the timing. Is
the White House Christmas party
for certain lawmakers this
evening so they do not want to
miss that. We know there's a
congressional delegation that is
going to be leaving for Europe
to commemorate and anniversary
for the Battle of the Bulge of
all things. They do want to
leave on time tonight.
Similar to how this whole
timeline has been compressed by
the Christmas holidays in the
coming of the 2020 election,
tonight I think we are going to
see lawmakers who are bit
exhausted ready to finish the
business of the week and prepare
for what is happening on the
floor next week.
>> Chairman never has come into
the room so we will bring you
live in on erupted. I want to
thank you guys for being with us
>> we will be back after break
to break into what is going on,
explain the process and talk
about the highlights of what is
happening.
Once this gets out of the
committee is to go to the house
floor and Democrats want to get
this done before they leave for
the winter recess so we are
looking at next week for house
floor vote. That is another
opportunity in the final
opportunity for Republicans to
push back on this. Today is the
last chance for these judiciary
members on the repugnant side of
the aisle to have their moment
in the spotlight. To sort of
have less people the fight for
airtime as opposed to when it
goes to the whole house floor.
And give their consent and their
dissatisfaction with how this
has gone.
>> We have to remember that the
house is such a different
chamber than the Senate but once
the process moves over even
though there is going to be
quite a bit of
conflict, it will be a more
subdued process in certain ways.
There are Republicans that want
to keep that trial as possible.
It might not be what the
president wants but I think we
will see the Township very much
when we moved to the other side
of the capital. This is the
people's house and you heard it
all last night. I made you heard
the story of America, you're the
story of legislatures and you
heard a lot of hyperbole and a
lot of drama from both sides of
the aisle. If you were turning
into that last night not having
seen anything else you would
really feel like democracy was
on the line. Absolutely and you
would be confused. You know, you
hear both sides make these
really compelling arguments and
passionate arguments and without
all the facts, who do you
believe if you are the American
people question mark what is
true? Did the President abuse
power or was it just par for the
course? Was it just a present
chatting up a foreign leader
about investigations and
corruption? That's what the
Democrats need to convince the
American people of and they only
have a couple more days to do it
>> all right you can see there
the members gathering. The way a
markup works as they dig through
the process here. They will dig
through the substance of the
bill and make technical changes
and tweaks to language for this
is not the high drama that we
saw in the Intel committee where
witnesses are coming before the
committee and testifying and
dropping bombshells. This is
much more about these committee
members hatching over things and
it is a chance for committee
members to have their final say
before these articles get out of
this committee.
It is their final chance to make
their case to the American
public, Elise.
>> That's right and I think it's
been difficult for Democrats on
the judiciary committee to tell
that unified story but it looks
like we about to clear and it
will be interesting to see if
they can do that better today.
>> Let's go to Chairman Nadler
as he calls this markup hearing
to order.
>> The Judiciary Committee well
please come to order, corn being
present when the committee reset
yesterday I had completed
opening statements on the
resolution about to be
considered. Notice under house
resolution 660 I now call
755 impeaching Donald John Trump
president of the United States
for high crimes and misdemeanors
>>
Mr. Chairman, point of order. I
make a point order against
consideration on the grounds
that the chairman willfully
refused to schedule a day of
hearings
>> we will entertain that point
of order once we have completed
calling up the resolution
>> we now call up
a dress 755 impeaching Donald
John Trump for high crimes and
misdemeanors. For purposes of
markup and move that the
committee reported the
resolution favorably to the
house. The clerk will report the
resolution
>> HR 755 impeaching Donald John
Trump president of the United
States for high cream
crimes and misdemeanors and
House of Representatives
December 10th, 2019 Mr. Nadler
submitted the following
resolution which was referred to
the committee on the Judiciary.
Resolution impeaching Donald
John Trump president of the
United States
resolved that President Trump is
impeach for high crimes and
misdemeanors at the following
articles of impeachment be
exhibited to the United States
Senate articles of impeachment
exhibited by the House of
Representatives of the United
States of America in the name of
itself and of the people of the
United States of America against
Donald J Trump president of the
United States of America and
made in support of this
impeachment against him for high
crimes and misdemeanors. Article
1 abuse of power. The cost if
you provide the House of
Representatives shall have the
sole power of impeachment
the president shall be removed
from office by impeachment for
the conviction of treason,
bribery or other high crimes and
misdemeanors been in his conduct
of the office of president of
the United States and in
violation of his constitutional
oath to faithfully execute the
office of the president of the
nine states and to the best of
his abilities preserve, protect
and defend the coast
constitute of the United States.
In his violation of his
constitutional duty to take care
of the laws he faithfully
executed Donald J Trump is abuse
the powers of the presidency and
that using the powers of the
high of's President Trump's is
elicited the interference of a
foreign government, you great in
the 2020 United States
presidential election. He did so
through scheme or course of
conduct that included soliciting
the government of Ukraine to
publicly announce into the cases
that would benefit his relax,
harm the election prospect of a
political opponent, and
influence the 2020 presidential
election to his advantage.
President Trump also sought to
pressure the government of
Ukraine to take the steps by
conditioning government accepts
significant value to vacate of
its public announcement of the
investigation. President Trump
engaged in the chair
>> chairman object
>>
objection reserve
>> personal political benefit.
In doing so President Trump use
the powers of the presidency in
a manner that compromised the
necessary of the United States
and undermine the integrity of
the United States Democratic
process. He does ignored and
injured the interest of the
nation. President Trump engaged
in a scheme or course of conduct
to the following means. One,
President Trump acting both
directly and through his agent
within and outside the United
States government solicited the
government of Ukraine to
publicly announce investigations
into a, political opponent
Former Vice President Joe Biden
and become a disk credited
theory promoted by Russia a
lashing that Ukraine rather than
Russia interfered in the 2016
United States presidential
election. To, with the same
corrupt motors President Trump
with his agents
on the public announcements that
he had requested a, the release
of $391 million of United States
taxpayer funds that Congress had
appropriated on a bipartisan
basis for the purpose of writing
invite all military and security
assistance to Ukraine, depose
Russian aggression
and be ahead of state meeting at
the White House which present of
the or Craig continue to
demonstrate United States
support for the government of
Ukraine in the state of Russian
aggression three the public
revelation of his actions.
President Trump ultimately
released the military
security assistance but his
presence was openly and
corruptly soliciting Ukraine to
undergo investigation for
political benefit
>> this actions are consistent
with President Trump's previous
invitations of interference in
United States election. I love
this President Trump abuse the
powers of the business by injury
national security another vital
national interest to obtain and
him proper personal benefit. He
has also betrayed the nation by
abusing his I asked her to
enlist a foreign power in
corrupting Democratic
elections
>> he has demonstrated he will
remain a threat to national
security and the Constitution if
allowed to remain in office but
he has acted in a manner grossly
incompatible with
self-governance and the role of
law. President Trump warns
impeachment and trial, removed
from office and disqualification
to hold and enjoy any office of
honor under United States.
Article 2 obstruction of
Congress.
The custody provides of the
house of it because cell have
the sole power of impeachment
and that the president shall be
removed from the office
on impeachment for the
conviction of treason, bribery
or other high crimes and
misdemeanors. In his conduct of
the office of the president of
the United States and in
violation of his constant
national to faithfully execute
the president of the United
States and to the best of the
belly preserve, protect and
defend the Constitution of the
United States. In violation of
his constitutional duties take
care the laws
he faithfully executed Donald J
Trump has directed the
unprecedented and categorical
and indiscriminate subpoenas
issued by the House of
Representatives pursuant to its
sole power of impeachment.
President Trump is a bruise the
powers of the presidency in a
matter and subversive of the
Constitution Avenue. The House
of Representatives has engaged
in an impeachment inquiry
focused on President Trump's
corrupts alliteration of the
government of Ukraine, to
interfere in the 2020 United
States presidential election. As
part of this impeachment inquiry
the committee is undertaking the
investigation seeking documents
and testimony deemed vital to
the inquiry by various executive
offices in current official to
go President Trump directed
executive branch officers and
officials not to comply with
those subpoenas. President Trump
does interpose the powers of the
presidency against the lawful
subpoenas of the House of
Representatives and is himself
functions and judgments
necessary to exercise the sole
power of the
impeachment and House of
Representatives. President Trump
abuse the power of his high
office in the following means.
One, directing the White House
to defy a lawful subpoena by
withholding the production of
documents saw two, directing
other executive branches and
offices to defy law foes the
thing is, and but for the
production of documents and
records
from the committee and reports
to which the Office of
Management and Budget,
Department of Energy and
department of defense refused to
produce a single document of
record
>> three, directing executive
committee not to cooperate with
the committee nine defied name
he John Mulvaney Robert B Blair
dyne a Eisenberg Michael Ellis,
pesty, Russell T Vann, Michael
Duffy, Brian McCormick
. These actions were consistent
with President Trump's previous
efforts to undermine United
States government,
investigations into foreign
interference in United States
election through these actions
President Trump's sought to
the right to determine the
property, scope and nature of an
impeachment inquiry into his own
conduct as well as the
unilateral prerogative to deny
any and all information to the
House of Representatives
in exercise of its sole power of
impeachment. In the history of
the Republic and no president
has ever ordered the complete
defiance of an impeachment
inquiry or sought to obstruct
and impede so capacitively the
ability of the House of
Representatives to investigate
high crimes and misdemeanors.
This abuse of officers to
cover-up the president's own
repeated Wisconsin and to seize
control of the power of
impeachment. Thus to nullify a
vital constitutional safeguard
vested solely in the House of
Representatives. In all of this,
President Trump has acted in a
manner contrary to his trust as
president and subversive of
constitutional government
through the great cause of law
and justice and to manifest
injury to the people of the
United States. President Trump
by such conduct has demonstrated
that he will remain a threat to
the Constitution if allowed to
remain in office and has acted
in a manner grossly incompatible
with self-governance of the role
of law. President Trump the
sworn impeachment trial and
removal from office and
disqualification to hold and
enjoy the office of honor trust
or profit under United States
>> the gentleman will now stay
his point of order up
>> thank you Mr. Chairman
the chairman was furnished with
the demand signed by all the
Republican members of the
committee during impeachment
hearing held on December 4th the
chairman has refused to respond
to multiple additional requests
that the hearing be scheduled
and at one point, actually
telling me
and I actually responded to
this. That we will roll with it
today. We are here today and it
is a farce that we are having a
role on this today because there
is no other time we are actually
taking up the articles today.
The rule is and by the way this
rule is not superseded by any
portion
of 660 that could've been done
by majority but they were too
busy and in a hurry to get it 60
the floor that after discussing
this, they chose not to exempt
the minority hearing date. This
could've been done, they chose
not to and now we're not having
it. I continue my point of
order.
>> If I understand the
gentleman's point of honor he
asserts we are violating clause
to Jay one of house role 11 by
conducting this markup before we
have held a hearing that the
minority members requested on
December 4th.
In my view the gentleman is
claiming a broader privilege
than clause to Jay one actually
provides the minority.
The minority has do hearings on
the matter of the December 4th
hearing which was a
constitutional grounds for
impeachment. I'm willing to work
with the minority to schedule
such a hearing but not before
today's markup of the articles
of impeachment. The house rule
does not require
me to schedule a hearing on a
particular day, nor does it
require me to schedule a hearing
as a condition precedent for
taking any specific legislative
action. Otherwise, the minority
would have the ability to delay
or block legislative action
which is clearly not the purpose
of the role. I reach this
conclusion after reviewing the
plaintext and legislative
history of the house rule after
considering prior precedent in
committee practice, after
consulting with problem interior
parties
>> I believe my scheduling is
reasonable for several reasons.
First the minority's views have
not been shut out. The
legislative history in the
morning or the day rule shows
that it was Rittman to
preventing the minority position
from being represented in the
hearing. As a reporter for the
joint committee and the
organization of Congress in 1966
explains, it is procedure for
representatives both sides
to give testimony in committee
hearings and when
representatives representing the
minority position are not a lot
of time
a statute exists to protect
minority rights. Of course that
did not happen at the December
4th hearing. The minority had a
witness at the hearing,
Professor Turley
which ably represented their
position as was afforded ample
time to discuss that position.
Rather than being shut out the
minority did not get as many
witnesses as they would have
preferred that is not the
purpose of the house rule.
Second,
the minority and the president
has special protections under
House resolution 660. The
procedures proceeded under House
resolution 660 give the
president and the minority a
variety of special privileges to
present evidence and subpoena
witnesses.
There are alternative procedures
by which witnesses can be
requested and even subpoena but
they have not been exercised.
Third, there is no president for
the use of minority delays for
legislative or impeachment
proceedings. It is clear
that the minority day rule is
not intended to lay legislative
activity. Again it's the
committee and the organization
of Congress explicitly
explained, we do not look upon
this rule as an authorization
for delaying tactics. It is made
part of the house rules in 1971
but is not involved in either
the Nixon or
Clinton impeachment as a matter
fact the only person I am aware
of in the conference of
impeachment took place several
weeks ago in the intelligence
committee. There the minority
also requested a day of hearings
even though they all
sent witnesses to participate in
the proceedings for the minority
ultimately did not raise a point
of order. While they did offer
an amendment
that amendment was rejected by
the committee. Thus there is No
precedent, and the president
supporting the gentleman's point
of order. The one precedent we
have indicates that point of
order does not lie to delay
consideration of articles of
impeachment. Finally,  the
judiciary committee practice and
president do not support the
gentleman's point of order. Last
year other members and I sent
the minority request. The
chairman never responded to our
request and never scheduled a
hearing. I do not believe a
single member of the majority
argued in favor of us granting a
hearing under the rules. Back in
2005 then chairman go to the
minority day hearing but cut off
witnesses
, shut off the microphone, shut
off the lights and abruptly
ended the hearing while members
were seeking recognition to
speak. Again no one in the
majority argued in favor of
protecting our rights. As a
result there is no committee
practice or president supporting
the gentleman's point of order.
>> For all those reasons I do
not sustain the point of order.
>> Mr. Chairman .
>> what purpose does the
gentleman seek recognition? The
gentleman's answer to my
question has struck a nerve. In
his own words it is not the
chairman's right to decide
whether prior hearings are
sufficient are the chairman's
right to violate the rules in
order to interfere
>> it is interesting to me that
this time has become the issue
>> I made my ruling on the play
of order. If the gentleman
wishes to appeal this ruling, if
the gentleman
>> I would like for the sake of
history for the chairman to take
more --
>> does the gentleman wish to
appear the point yes or know ?
>>
>> The chairman is doing this
again
>> the ruling of the chair is
not sustain.
>> I moved to table.
>> Did you actually call for a
vote ?
>> I did not sustain, you did
not call for a vote
>> I sustained the point of
order
>> I call for a bill really the
chair, now it's time for a vote
>> I moved that the point of
order is not well taken.
>> That is painfully office. I
have appeal the ruling of the
chair
>> I moved to table
>> the gentleman has
moved in the later has moved to
Cabell, the motion to table is
not debatable all in favor the
motion to table say I. Opposed
name. The motion to table is
sustained
>>
the gentleman asked for roll
call on the motion to table. The
appeal of the ruling of the
chair the clerk will call the
rule. Mr. Nadler, eye. Mr.
Nadler foci miss often miss
Jackson-Lee votes yes. Mr.
Collins foci. Mr. Johnson of
Georgia. Mr. Johnson of Georgia
votes eye. Mr. Deutz votes eye.
Mr. Richman flights yes.
Misjudgments voice I Mr. Sicily
votes eye Mr. swallow , swallow
votes eye, Mr. Lou Mr. Raskin I
is Chaya pull strength foci. To
Korea.
Mr. Korea votes I miss Scanlan.
The Scanlon foci, Ms. Garcia's
gazebo said Mr. Negus piston
goes foci miss McBeth's McBeth
votes eye. Mr. Stanton votes I
miss Powell foci. Miss Escobar.
Assessed for votes I Mr. Collins
votes know.
Mr. Tessa Burger votes know. Mr.
Javits, Mr. Chavez voice know.
Mr. Gomer, Mr. Gomer both know.
Mr. Jordan, Mr. Jordan votes no.
Mr. bug votes to know. Mr.
Radcliffe votes know. Miss Roby
votes no
>> Mr. Gates votes do Mr.
Johnson of Louisiana votes no
pastor makes or breaks those no
Mr. McClintock votes know. Miss
Liska votes no.
The rest of "no
>> Mr. Klein votes no. Mr.
Armstrong, Mr. Armstrong those
no piston Mr. Stevie votes no.
Has everyone voted who wishes to
vote ?
>> The clerk will report. Mr.
Chairman there are 23 guesses at
17 noes.
We will now proceed to MMS. The
clerk will read the first
section of the resolution.
Interest 755 impeaching Donald
John Trump president of the
United States for high crimes
and misdemeanors and House of
Representatives December the 20
19th is another cemented the
following resolution which was
referred to the committee on the
Judiciary. Resolution impeaching
John on J Trump president of the
United States for high crayons
and misdemeanors resolve that
Donald J Trump is not the United
States and the beach for high
crimes and misdemeanors in the
following articles of
impeachment be exhibited to the
state Senate.
Articles of impeachment about
how servers is in the United
States American the name of
itself and the people of the
United States of America against
Donald J Trump president of the
night states of America and
maintenance and support of its
impeachment against him for high
crimes and misdemeanors
>> I now recognize myself for
purposes of offering an
amendment. The report
the clerk will report the
amendment go the amendment in
the name of the substitute for
HR 7'5" offered by Mr. Noller of
New York. All that follows after
the resulting clause and insert
the following
>> with that enchantment the
amount will be considered as
read without objection
I will now recognize myself to
explain the amendment in the
nature of the substitute this
amendment makes a minor change.
In certain places where the
underlying resolution refers to
Donald J Trump the amendment
refers to Donald John Trump
otherwise it makes no changes to
the resolution and I urge all of
my colleagues to reap support up
and I now recognize the ranking
member Mr. Collins for any
recommendation
>> the nature the substitute is
absolutely irrelevant.
Making Donald J Trump and making
Donald Trump. Don Trump just
simply shows the frankly
absurdity of where we are apt to
>> today were going to spend
plenty of time for you listing
here. Were going to talk about
this amendment substitute, were
going to talk about the factual
basis that have actually know
factual basis to impeach the
president. I'm going to go back
for just a minute since I did
not have time and had to sit
through a well rehearsed many
days put together
an explanation of what will be
known in 2019 outside of the
fact that this committee finally
accomplished its goal after the
chairman stated he wanted to
since November of last year
impeach this president. What
will be known by this committee
from here on out is that this
committee has now founded
sounded the death of minority
rights in this committee but
this committee has become
nothing but a rubber stamp, this
committee is amazingly now on
such a clock and calendar
process that they do not care.
Facts be . They do not care.
They do not care that we had
one witness out of three when I
asked for a second witness I was
told I could not. Even though
there had recovery such as well
before, I was told I was asking
too late. One witness out of two
panels. That's all we had of
witnesses. This is a travesty
and a sham from day one. I could
talk until I'm blue in the face
but nobody on the majority cares
but the spot that is left by
what has just happened will
resonate over the years. It will
resonate over the years in a
sense that there is no fact that
we can come to. They had no
desire to hear any witnesses
outside of their own plane
driven clock impeachment. The
chairman itself of vehemently
fought for minority hearing to
sit there and read that is an
amazing statement in a crushing
blow to this committee. There is
no way to recover from that. In
fact
there may be. I wonder if the
chairman would join me in making
sure that the rules committee
next week, they do not way the
point of order against this. But
I know they will. That's why
they're going to take it.
Because I will guarantee you
when you look into it further,
this point of order would be
sustained against these
impeachment articles so they're
going to have to wave them next
week. Watch and see. They will
waive this point of order and
waive any other point of order
on these articles by the time it
comes to the floor. Some of you
may say
the ranking member talks about
process. The ranking member
talks about process, the ranking
member talks about the process
never the foundation believe me
we will in you date you with the
fact that I have already put
some of you do not choose to
report them. What is important
for many who report on this body
and for many have said in this
body and for those who have
served in this body, the members
of gone before on the people of
set this committee up in the
people that have set our
Congress up of the ones right
now that should be hanging their
head in shame. We had two
hearings none of which featured
witnesses. There is not a
Democrat in this room that
should be happy about this. The
sol amenities should be on the
death of this committee's
process and procedure. Do not
give me the Solomon a about
impeaching a president could you
have been wanting to do that for
a long time. You want to take it
and just rejoice, go at it
because this is what you wanted.
But when it comes to the
hearing, when it comes to the
minority rights, when it comes
which we've seen time after time
in which I've had to write this
chairman multipage letters on
the abuse of procedural issues
in this committee, this is a
travesty. Lie about it if you,
talk about it if you want but
the American people see it
because the American people
understand inherently fairness.
They understand to process
. Why? Because it is what
America was based on. It is what
America takes pride in. When we
do not have it, nobody can have
it. When we do not have fairness
in this committee, how can they
stand up and say the two weakest
articles of impeachment in the
history of this country,
honestly with a straight face
look to the American people and
say we did good. No you did not.
You stained this body. You have
taken this committee and made it
a rubber stamp.
Did any of the majority run to
be a rubber stamp to get the
magic? I know the minority on
this side did not. You know why
we become a rubber stamp
question mark because my stair
chairman said so 20 years ago.
He said so 20 years ago when he
said if the committee only
accepts what other people give
him and do not on their own
verified and thoroughly vetted
then we are nothing but a rubber
stamp. Mr. Chairman you should
have run for chairmanship I
believe more than to be a rubber
stamp for Mr. Schiff and Ms.
Pelosi. We already do this
committee was overrun and
overtaken Miss because Mr.
Schiff and Ms. Pelosi took it
from us earlier this year. That
was the first embarrassment. The
rest of it has been in
embarrassment since. We look at
this and as we go forward
, we will have plenty of time to
show the complete farce of
substance. Mr. Chairman what
will live from the state is your
ruling in the majority's ruling
of minority rights are dead in
this Congress and especially
this community. I yelled back
>> Mr. Chairman go are there any
amendments ?
>> What purpose does the
gentleman
>> I moved to strike the lighter
story. I cannot allow the
ranking member to
mischaracterize your description
of the history of this
committee. It may be
an inconvenience for the ranking
member to be forced to listen to
the history of this committee
and why everything that you just
laid out is so important. To the
continuing
of this committee representing
and recognizing respecting
minority rights but he chooses
not to present going to restate
it again. I appreciate the
ranking member for acknowledging
that they have the opportunity
to call witnesses. And that is
consistent with the rules. But
to then turn around and suggest
TO that the rules are being
SUGGEST trampled, the THE rules
are dead. Ignores everything
that you just laid out. More
than 50 years ago
. More than 50 years ago the
joint committee on the
organization of Congress made
clear
in their report to the house and
senate that is normal procedure
for witnesses representing both
sides of the issue to give
testimony in committee hearings.
And that is where the rule comes
from. And that is what has
happened. The ranking member
acknowledged that.
There is No right to a separate
day the rule makes clear they
have the right to call witnesses
on their way which is called on
December
ARTICLE ONE IGNORES THE
TRUTH.
>> TO TWO INDIVIDUALS ON THE
CALL, NO PRESSURE, NO PUSHING,
NO LINKAGE WHATSOEVER BETWEEN
SECURITY ASSISTANT MONEY AND ANY
TYPE OF INVESTIGATION. WE KNEW
THAT THE UKRAINIANS KNEW AT THE
TIME OF THE CALL THAT THE
AID HAD BEEN HELD UP. MOST
IMPORTANTLY, WE KNEW THE
UKRAINIANS TOOK NO ACTION, NO
INVESTIGATION, NO ANNOUNCEMENT
ON CNN, NO ANNOUNCEMENT
WHATSOEVER THERE WAS ANY TYPE OF
INVESTIGATION INTO THE BIDENS TO
GET THE AID RELEASED. THOSE FOUR
FACTS. THOSE FOUR FACTS HAVE
NEVER CHANGED. SECOND, FIVE KEY
MEETINGS THAT TOOK PLACE BETWEEN
JULY 18th WHEN THE AID WAS
PAUSED, SEPTEMBER 11th WHEN THE
AID WAS RELEASED. FIVE TEAM
MEETINGS, WE HAVE THE PHONE
CALL. 5/25th. YOU JUST
DESCRIBED. SECOND, THE VERY NEXT
DAY, THE NEXT DAY WE HAVE A
MEETING WITH PRESIDENT ZELENSKY.
THIRD, MEETING AUGUST 29th, MET
SEPTEMBER 2nd AND FIFTH ON
SEPTEMBER 5th, WE HAVE
BIPARTISAN SENATOR, SENATOR
JOHNSON, SENATOR MURPHY MEETING
WITH PRESIDENT ZELENSKY. IN NONE
OF THOSE FIVE MEETINGS DID
LINKING DOLLARS, SECURITY
ASSISTANT DOLLARS TO AN
INVESTIGATION COME UP. NEVER
CAME UP. YOU WOULD THINK IN THE
LAST TWO THEY KNEW THE AID WAS
WITHHELD IT WOULD COME UP IN THE
LAST TWO MEETINGS BUT IT DIDN'T
COME UP. MORE FACTS, THE FIVE
MEETINGS HAVE NEVER CHANGED.
ARTICLE ONE IGNORES THE TRUTH,
THE FACTS AND IGNORES WHAT
HAPPENED AND WHAT HAS BEEN LAID
OUT FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
OVER THE LAST THREE WEEKS. I
HOPE THIS COMMITTEE WILL ADOPT
THE AMENDMENT
AND STRIKE ARTICLE
ONE. WITH THAT, I YIELD BACK.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, THIS AMENDMENT
ATTEMPTS TO STRIKE ARTICLE ONE
IN ITS ENTIRETY. I'M GOING TO GO
THROUGH THE EVIDENCE AND
PARTICULARLY BEGIN WITH FOCUS ON
THE PRESIDENT'S OWN CONDUCT. THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
HIRED RUDY GIULIANI TO GO TO
UKRAINE AND LEAD THIS SCHEME TO
SMEAR BY PRESIDENT BIDEN. HE
THEN BEGAN A CAMPAIGN PERSONALLY
TO SMEAR AMBASSADOR YOVANOVICH
AND RECOMMEND SHE BE FIRED TO
CLEAR THE WAY OF THIS ANTI
CORRUPTION CHAMPION SO HIS
SCHEME COULD BE FULLY
IMPLEMENTED. HE DIRECTED A HOLD
ON THE MILITARY AID TO UKRAINE
AND NO ONE COULD PROVIDE ANY
EXPLANATION TO PRESSURE THEM TO
INTERFERE IN THE 2020 ELECTION.
THEN THE PRESIDENT IN HIS OWN
WORDS GETS ON THE TELEPHONE AND
ASKED PRESIDENT ZELENSKY FOR A
FAVOR, TO BEGIN AN INVESTIGATION
OF HIS CHIEF POLITICAL RIVAL
FORMER VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN.
DETAIL OF THE CONVERSATION,
DIRECT EVIDENCE FROM ALEXANDER,
MR. FORESTMAN WHO LISTENED IN ON
AND HEARD THE PRESIDENT OUT OF
HIS OWN MOUTH PRESSURING A
FOREIGN LEADER TO CORRUPT OUR
ELECTION. THE PRESIDENT THEN
MADE ADMISSIONS IN PUBLIC ON
OCTOBER 2nd, OCTOBER 3rd AND 4th
AND INVITED ANOTHER POWER TO
INTERFERE. CHIEF OF STAFF
ACKNOWLEDGED THAT THE PRESIDENT
DIRECT HIM TO PUT THIS
UNEXPLAINED HOLD ON AID TO
UKRAINE. THE PRESIDENT DIRECTED
THE VICE PRESIDENT NOT TO ATTEND
THE INAUGURATION OF PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY BECAUSE HE HADN'T YET
GOT WHAT HE WAS DEMANDING, A
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT INTERBEDDED
TO DAMAGE HIS POLITICAL
OPPONENT. AMBASSADOR TESTIFIED
THAT THE UKRAINIANS WERE TOLD
AND I QUOTE THE RESUMPTION OF
U.S. AID WOULD LIKELY NOT RECUR
UNTIL UKRAINE PROVIDED THE
STATEMENT WE HAVE BEEN
DISCUSSING FOR MANY WEEKS AND
THEN TESTIFIED HE SPOKE TO
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND WHILE THE
PRESIDENT CLAIMED THERE WAS NO
KID PRO QUO HE MADE IT CLEAR HE
MUST ANNOUNCE THE INVESTIGATION
PRESIDENT TRUMP DISCUSSED IN THE
25th CALL IN ORDER FOR IT TO BE
LIFTED. THAT'S DIRECT EVIDENCE.
IN ADDITION TO THAT, THEY
HIGHLIGHT THERE'S OVER 260 TEXT
MESSAGES AND CALLS AS THE
PRESIDENT'S OWN WORDS. E-MAILS
BETWEEN HIGH RANKING OFFICIALS
IN THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
HUNDREDSOF PRESS STATEMENTS AND
TWEETS BY THE PRESIDENT AND HIS
PERSONAL ATTORNEY CORROBORATING
THEIR DESIRE TO PURSUE
INVESTIGATION INTO BIDEN PRIOR
TO THE 2020 ELECTION. I'M GOING
TO GIVE THE COMMITTEE A COUPLE
OF EXAMPLES. PRESIDENT TRUMP
HIMSELF SAID OCTOBER 2nd, I
QUOTE JUST SO YOU KNOW, WE'VE
BEEN INVESTIGATING ON A PERSONAL
BASIS THROUGH RUDY AND OTHER
LAWYERS CORRUPTION IN THE
ELECTION. AMBASSADOR E-MAILED
MULTIPLE HIGH RANKING OFFICIALS
HE TALKED TOSSEN CAN
I AND WILL RECEIVE TO ZELENSKY.
IN ADDITION TO THE E-MAIL,
TEXTING AMBASSADOR,
IT'S THE SAME THING CLEAR. GAVE
HIM A FULL BRIEFING, HE'S GOT
IT. I HAD BREAKFAST WITH RUDY
THIS MORNING. MOST IMPORTANT TO
SAY HELP INVESTIGATE AND ADDRESS
ANY ANY PERSONAL ISSUES. THE
DELIVER RABBLE MEANING THAT FOR
UKRAINE TO GET TO THE WHITE
HOUSE MEETING SEEN CAN I NEEDS
TO ANNOUNCE THE INVESTIGATION.
HE SAYS READY TO GET DATES AS
SOON AS THEY CONFIRM. RESPONSE
EXCELLENT. HOW TO JUST SWAY HIM.
HE RESPONDS NOT SURE I DID. I
THINK POTUS WANTS THE DELIVER
RABBLE. HE ASKED DOES HE KNOW
THAT? HE SAID YEP, CLEARLY LOTS
OF CONVERSATIONS GOING ON.
AUGUST 16th, AMBASSADOR TAYLOR
DISCUSSES THE CONCERN HE WAS NOT
USING OFFICIAL CHANNELS LIKE THE
PRESIDENT OF JUSTICE. TAYLOR
TEXT AMBASSADOR A PERSON WHO
ASKED FOR AN OFFICIAL REQUEST.
HE REPLIES YES BUT DON'T SITE. I
WON'T, YOU'RE RIGHT. THIS IS NOT
GOOD. WE NEED TO STAY CLEAR. NOW
22nd AMBASSADOR E-MAILED
SECRETARY OF STATE TO MAKE SURE
TO BREAK THE LAW JAM MEANING
RELEASING THE MILITARY AID
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY WOULD HAVE TO
MOVE FORWARD ON ISSUES AND
IMPORTANCE TO TRUMP MEANING THE
INVESTIGATION AND THE LIST GOES
ON AND ON. THIS CLAIMS THIS IS
THE EVIDENCE AND SIMPLY NOT
TRUE. THERE'S OVERWHELMING
EVIDENCE OF AN EXISTENCE OF A
SCHEME LED BY THE PRESIDENT TO
CORRUPT THE AMERICAN ELECTIONS
TO CONTINUE TO BIG HOLD MILITARY
AID UNTIL SUCH TIME AS A PUBLIC
ANNOUNCEMENT WAS MADE THAT WOULD
SMEAR
THE PRESIDENT'S CHIEF POLITICAL
ARRIVALS.
>>
>> THANK YOU MR. CHAIR. I'VE
MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
MR. CHAIR, IT REALLY QUIET
DISTURBED ME WHEN YOU REJECTED
THE RULE OF THE HOUSE WHEN IT
SAYS IN THE RULE YOU REQUIRE
THAT YOU SET A DATE FOR A
MINORITY HEARING AND THE REASON
THIS IS IMPORTANT IS BECAUSE THE
RULES HAVE BEEN THROWN OUT THE
WINDOW HERE ON THIS PROCESS. IN
FACT,
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
FIRST OF ALL, YOU DON'T GO TO
THE COMMITTEE, INSTEAD IT'S
HANDED OVER TO ADAM S. WHERE HE
HAS CLOSED
DOOR HEARINGS IN THE
BASEMENT. I WAS TOLD SEVERAL
TIMES I COULDN'T GO IN AND I'M
SUPPOSE TO VOTE ON THIS TODAY
AND WE'VE NOT HAD ONE SINGLE
FACT WITNESS IN THE COMMITTEE AT
ALL AND THEN I HEAR FROM MY
REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUE WE'RE ON
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE THAT
REPUBLICANS WERE REFUSED TO HAVE
ANY OF THEIR WITNESSES IN THAT
COMMITTEE AND THEN ON TOP OF
THAT
REPUBLICANS WERE TOLD,
INTERRUPTED, SILENCED BY
CHAIRMAN SCHIFF WHEN THEY
TRIED TO ASK WITNESSES
QUESTIONS. I MEAN, NOWEN HEARING
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, WE'RE
SUPPOSE TO VOTE ON SOMETHING
WHEN WE HAVEN'T HEARD DIRECTLY
FROM ANY FACT WITNESSES. ALL WE
HEARD FROM WAS ABUNCH OF LIBERAL
LAW PROFESSORS THAT YOU CALLED
HERE THAT HAVE A KNOWN RECORD OF
DISLIKING PRESIDENT TRUMP AND
THEN YOU HAVE STAFF TALK TO US.
AND THEN AGAIN HERE IN THIS
COMMITTEE, OUR REPUBLICAN
MEMBERS
ASK FOR WITNESSES SO THAT WE CAN
ASK QUESTIONS TO GET THE TRUTH
AND SAY OUR SIDE OF THE STORY.
NO, SO THEN WE TURN TO OKAY,
UNDER THE HOUSE RULE IT SAYS
YOU'RE REQUIRED TO SET A
MINORITY HEARING SO THAT WE CAN
AT LEAST CALL WITNESSES AND WE
CAN GIVE SOME TRUTH TO THE
AMERICAN PUBLIC INSTEAD OF THIS
ONE SIDED SHAM BUT NO, HERE
AGAIN, RIGHT HERE NO, WE'RE NOT
GOING TO DO THAT. I'LL CONSIDER
THE FUTURE A MINORITY HEARING.
FOR GOODNESS SAKES, WE'RE VOTING
ON THIS TODAY. IT'S DONE. YOU'VE
ALREADY PUT THROUGH THIS. IT
JUST CONTINUES TO AMAZE ME HOW
CORRUPT, HOW UNFAIR THIS PROCESS
HAS BEEN FROM THE START. I MEAN,
FOR GOODNESS SAKES, 17 OUT OF 24
OF MY DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES THAT
HAVE ALREADY VOTED ON THE HOUSE
FLOOR TO CONTINUE WITH THE
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT, IT WAS
MR. GREEN WHO PUT A RESOLUTION
ON THE FLOOR, ARTICLE OF
IMPEACHMENT, JULY 17th AND THEN
THERE WAS A VOTE TO TABLE IT AND
THEY VOTED AGAINST THE TABLING
MEANING THEY WANTED TO GO AHEAD
WITH ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT.
THAT WAS EVEN BEFORE THE  JULY
25th CALL. I MEAN, COME ON. THIS
IS A PREDETERMINED, YOU GUYS
HAVE BEEN WANTING TO IMPEACH
THIS
PRESIDENT SINCE HE GOT
ELECTED. I KNOW SOME OF YOU
THINK THE PRESIDENT DID
SOMETHING WRONG. THE FACT IS
THERE IS NO, NONE OF YOUR
WITNESSES, NONE OF
YOUR FACT WITNESSES WERE ABLE TO
ESTABLISH ANY EVIDENCE OF
BRIBERY, REASON, HIGH CRIME OR
MISDEMEANORS. THAT'S WHAT IT
SAYS HAS TO BE DONE IN THE
CONSTITUTION. AGAIN, I BELIEVE
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES IS RIGHT THIS IS A SHAM
IMPEACHMENT AND IT SURE IS A
SHAME AND I YIELD BACK
THE BALANCE OF MY TIME.
>> THANK YOU, MR. CHAIRMAN AND
WITH
MUCH RESPECT TO MY COLLEAGUES IT
IS DIFFICULT TO FOLLOW SOME OF
THESE ARGUMENTS. I'VE HEARD
LITTLE IN THE WAY OF ANY SUBBASE
TIFF DEFENSES OF THE PRESIDENT'S
CONDUCT BUT AGAIN FOCUSED ON
SOME ARGUMENTS IN MY VIEW AND
I'M COMPELLED TO RESPOND TO AT
LEAST ONE OF THOSE WHICH IS THE
NOTION
ABOUT THE CLOSED DOOR
DEPOSITIONS. AS I UNDERSTAND IT
FROM READING THE TRANSCRIPTS,
MANY MINORITY MEMBERS WERE
PRESENT AND GRANTED EQUAL TIME
TO QUESTION WITNESSES BROUGHT
BEFORE THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE, FOREIGN AFFAIRS
COMMITTEE AND OVERSITES
COMMITTEE. SOME OF THESE MEMBERS
ARE ON THE COMMITTEE. I STRUGGLE
TO UNDERSTAND THE REJECTIONS IN
THAT REGARD. THE IDEA THAT THE
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE'S
INVESTIGATION WAS NOT
SUFFICIENTLY TRANSPARENT IN MY
VIEW ALSO RINGS HOLLOW. AS WE
KNOW, THE TRANSCRIPTS FROM THOSE
INTERVIEWS WAS DEPOSITIONS THAT
HAVE BEEN RELEASED. I KNOW I
REVIEWED THEM. I SUSPECT MANY OF
MY
COLLEAGUES HAVE AS WELL.
LET US STAY TRUE TO THE FACTS
AND LET'S DISPERSE THE PROCESS
ARGUMENTS AND GET TO THE SUB
TANS OF WHY WE ARE HERE TODAY. I
WILL ALSO SAY HISTORICAL CONTEXT
MATTERS. I WAS NOT ON A
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE IN 1999 OR
1998. MY UNDERSTANDING IS AT
THAT TIME, THE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE DID NOT EXAMINE ANY
FACT WITNESSES DURING THE
CLINTON IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY. I
KNOW THERE ARE MEMBERS OF THIS
COMMITTEE HERE AT THAT TIME.
THEY ARE WELL AWARE THEY
QUESTIONED KEN STAR AND
AFTERWARDS HAD HEARINGS WITH
LEGAL EXPERTS TO EXPOUND UPON
THE LEGAL STANDARDS TO DEFINE A
DECISION BEFORE THE COMMITTEE. I
WOULD SAY DURING THE NIXON
IMPEACHMENT, THE EXAMINATION OF
WITNESSES. UNLIKE BOTH THE NIXON
INQUIRY AS WELL AS THE CLINTON
INQUIRY, THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEES HEARINGS FEATURED
TESTIMONY FROM A DOZEN WITNESSES
IN OPEN HEARING SUBJECT BY
REPUBLICAN MEMBERS IN COUNSEL.
FACTS MATTER. I HOPE THAT EACH
AND EVERY ONE OF US CAN AGREE AT
LEAST ON THAT. I WOULD YIELD TO
THE MEMBER OF CALIFORNIA.
>> I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW GOING
BACK TO THE ANALOGY TO THE NIXON
IMPEACHMENT THERE WAS REALLY NO
PUBLIC PRESENTATION IN THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE. THERE WERE
SOME QUIET A FEW DEADLY
WEAPON TUITIONS THAT WERE
PRIVATE BUT THERE WAS A LOT OF
TESTIMONY BEFORE THE COMMITTEE
AS YOU'LL RECALL, THE
PRESIDENT'S COUNSEL JOHN DEAN
APPEARED
THERE WAS A RECORDING THE WHOLE
COUNTRY KNEW ABOUT IT AND TOOK
NOTICE OF IT. THERE'S ONLY A FEW
MEMBERS OF THIS COMMITTEE THAT
WERE ON THE DISH THEIR COMMITTEE
DURING THE CLINTON IMPEACHMENT.
I WAS ONE
OF THEM. MISS JACKSON AND ADLER
AND THE GENTLEMAN FROM OHIO. WE
HAD A REPORT FROM MR. STAR. I
KNEW IT VERY WELL. WE HAD THE
REPORT. WE HAD EVIDENCE IN THE
FORD BUILDING WE COULD GO OVER
AND LOOK AT PRIVATELY. A NUMBER
OF MEMBERS DID. GENTLEMAN HAVE
CORRECTLY SUMMARIZED THE
SITUATION
I WOULD YIELD BACK.
>> I MOVE TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD. MISS CHAIRMAN, I THINK
IT'S OBVIOUS TO ALL THE AMERICAN
PUBLIC THAT
THIS
IS A RAILROAD TRACK. THE REAL
KEY IS WE WERE HERE IN THE
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE. THE
REPUBLICANS AND THE PRESIDENT
HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE
TO
PUT ON LIVE WITNESSES. IF YOU'RE
GOING TO HAVE A TRIAL YOU'RE
GOING TO HAVE A PROSECUTION AND
DEFENSE. WE DON'T HAVE A DEFENSE
BECAUSE OF THE RULINGS THAT HAVE
BEEN MADE. ONE OF WHICH WAS MADE
JUST A FEW MINUTES AGO BY THE
CHAIRMAN OF THIS COMMITTEE. NOW,
LET ME SAY FIRST OF ALL THE
HEARINGS THAT WERE IN THE
BASEMENT OF THE CAPITOL WERE
SECRET HEARINGS. THEY WERE
CLASSIFIED HEARINGS. NONE OF THE
MEMBERS WHO WERE IN THAT ROOM
COULD ETHICALLY GO OUT AND TELL
THE PUBLIC AND THE NEWS MEDIA
EXACTLY WHAT WAS SAID THERE.
THEY PROBABLY COULD HAVE BEEN
HELD BEFORE THE ETHICS COMMITTEE
OR WORSE IF THEY ATTEMPTED TO DO
THAT. THERE WERE LEAKS THAT CAME
OUT OF THERE. I GRANT YOU THAT.
NONE OF THE MEMBERS COULD. THE
OTHER POINT IS THAT THE VAST
MAJORITY OF MEMBERS OF THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE WHICH HAS
ULTIMATE JURISDICTION OVER ALL
PROPOSED IMPEACHMENTS ARE NOT
MEMBERS OF THE THREE OTHER
COMMITTEES AND WERE NOT ALLOWED
TO GO INTO THE BASEMENT OF THE
CAPITOL HEARING ROOM TO LISTEN
TO
WHAT WAS GOING ON.
THERE WERE A NUMBER OF MY
COLLEAGUES THAT
ELECTED TO DO THAT. WHEN YOU
HAVE A TRIAL YOU REALLY CANNOT
MAKE A DETERMINATION ON EXACTLY
WHETHER THE WITNESSES ARE
TELLING THE TRUTH OR
EXAGGERATING OR MIXING IT UP OR
SPINNING IT SOMEWHERE OR THE
OTHER WITHOUT LOOKING AT THEM IN
PERSON. WE DON'T HAVE THAT
OPPORTUNITY. THERE WERE A FEW
SELECT WITNESSES THAT WERE IN
THE PUBLIC HEARINGS OVER IN THE
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE
A
COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO.
WE HEARD COMPLAINTS ABOUT THE
FACT IN THE CLINTON IMPEACHMENT,
THERE WERE
NO FACT WITNESSES. WE WERE THERE
AND WHAT HAPPENED THERE IS BOTH
SIDES WERE ALLOWED TO PRESENT
WHATEVER WITNESSES THEY WANTED
TO. STAR DID ALL THE GRONING
WORK PUTTING TOGETHER THE FACTS.
HE SENT OVER 36 BOXES OF
EVIDENCE WHICH WAS PUT OVER INTO
THE BUILDING. THAT'S NOT
HAPPENED HERE. THE INDEPENDENT
COUNSEL LOOKED INTO WHAT
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS DONE. MR.
MULER CAME AND TESTIFIED AND
THAT ENDED UP BEING A BIG FIZZLE
FOR WHAT THE DEMOCRATS WANTED TO
DO. MUCH OF THE MULER STUFF
AFTER HIS TESTIMONY AND THE
CROSS EXAMINATION BY MEMBERS ON
BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE ENDED
UP DISAPPEARING INTO OUTER
SPACE. LET ME SAY EVERYBODY ON
BOTH ENDS OF THE TELEPHONE CALL
BETWEEN PRESIDENT TRUMP AND
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY HAS SAID VERY
CLEARLY THERE WAS NO QUID PRO
QUO OFFER. THERE WAS NO PRESSURE
PUT ON THE UKRAINIANS. I DON'T
KNOW HOW MANY TIMES PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY
HAS TO SAY THAT. APPARENTLY,
IT'S NOT ENOUGH BECAUSE MINDS ON
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE ARE
CLOSED AND THAT'S WHAT THE FACTS
ARE. THE FACTS SPEAK FOR
THEMSELVES. THERE WAS NO
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE HERE. THAT'S
WHY ARTICLE ONE ENDED UP FALLING
FLAT ON ITS FACE AND THAT IT
SHOULD BE STRICKEN AND I SUPPORT
THE AMENDMENT TO STRIKE IT FROM
A GENTLEMAN OF OHIO AND
YIELD BACK.
>> GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> REAL QUICK. ALSO, JUST KENT
STAR SENT THOSE OVER BEFORE THE
HEARINGS BEGAN TOO, CORRECT. WE
DIDN'T
GET IT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE
HEARING?
>> THE GENTLEMAN'S TIME HAS
EXPIRED.
>> TO STRIKE THE LAST WORD MR.
CHAIRMAN.
>> I THINK BEFORE I BEGIN TO
COMMENT ON THE DISCUSSION HERE,
IT'S IMPORTANT TO REMIND ALL OF
US THAT THE PRESIDENT ABUSED HIS
POWER AND IS A CONTINUING THREAT
NOT ONLY TO DEMOCRACY BUT OUR
NATIONAL SECURITY. WE DO NOT
TAKE THIS LIGHTLY. WE TAKE IT
VERY SERIOUSLY. I BEG TO DIFFER
WITH MY DEAR FRIEND AS ONE WHO
WAS HERE FOR THE IMPEACHMENT
PROCEEDINGS IN 1998 ALONG WITH
MY COLLEAGUES I NEED TO BE VERY
CLEAR OF
THE DISTINCTIVE DIFFERENCE WE
HAD FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE THE
PROSECUTOR WAS AN INDEPENDENT
STATUTE THAT ALLOWED DURING THE
NIXON IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS
AND MRS. STAR TO HAVE AN
INDEPENDENT PROCESS OF
INVESTIGATION. THE CONGRESS WAS
NOT PREVIEWED TO ANY OF THAT
INVESTIGATION AT ALL. THEY
PROCEEDED
AND WERE NOT INTERFERED WITH AS
MR. MULER WAS BECAUSE HE WAS AN
EMPLOYEE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE AND HIS EMPLOYER CAME
OUT AND CHARACTERIZED HIS REPORT
BEFORE HE COULD DISCUSS IT. IN
THE
INSTANCE OF THE PROCEEDINGS OF
1998, CONGRESS RECEIVED A REPORT
JUST AS BOTH OUR PRESIDENT ON
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE AND
WE, THE MAJORITY RECEIVED
REPORTS FROM THE COMMITTEE WHO
WERE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
THEY DID THEIR WORK IN A
CLASSIFIED SETTING AS I IMAGINED
BOTH MR. STAR HAD TO DO IN
CERTAIN INSTANCES. THEY WERE
LIKE PROSECUTORS. THEY HAD
WITNESSES NOT IN THE PUBLIC AND
THEN THERE WERE FULL PUBLIC
HEARINGS, 17 WITNESSES,
FIRSTHAND
WITNESSES WHO HEARD THE CALL AND
TESTIFIED ON FIRSTHAND
KNOWLEDGE. IT'S CLEAR WE'RE
DEALING WITH THE QUESTION OF A
CONTINUING THREAT WHICH IS WHY
WE HAVE TO RESPOND. LET ME BE
CLEAR. I HOLD IN MY HAND THE
UNCLASSIFIED TRANSCRIPT. I BEG
TO DIFFER WITH MY FRIENDS. ALLOW
ME TO TELL YOU FOR A
MOMENT IN THE CALL PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY SAID THESE SENTENCES. I
WOULD LIKE THORACIC OUTLET THANK
YOU FOR YOUR DEFENSE AND TRYING
TO COOPERATE. WE WANT TO BE
READY TO BUY JAVELINS. THAT'S
MILITARY EQUIPMENT FROM THE
UNITED STATES FOR DEFENSE
PURPOSES. UKRAINE, IN THE MIDST
OF A WAR AGAINST A NATION THAT
SHOT DOWN AT LEAST SOME
OF THOSE ALLEGED TO BE
SEPARATIST, COMMERCIAL AIRLINES.
OUR MEN AND WOMEN IN THE
MILITARY ARE ON THE GROUND
TRYING TO ASSIST
AND HERE'S THE NEXT SENTENCE.
LET GET WITH THE DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE. LET'S REVIEW YOUR
REQUEST. THE VERY NEXT SENTENCE.
I WOULD LIKE YOU
TO DO A FAVOR THOUGH.
>> THIS IS A DISCUSSION ABOUT
DEFENSE. THE NEXT SENTENCE
SHOULD HAVE BEEN WE'RE
WELL AWARE OF THE PREDICAMENT.
>> I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE THE
ATTORNEY GENERAL CALL YOU OR
YOUR PEOPLE AND WOULD LIKE YOU
TO GET TO
THE BOTTOM OF THIS
INVESTIGATION. I WOULD JUST
OFFER TO
SAY
THAT IT IS
NOT WITHOUT FACTS WE
PROCEED.
>> THE MILITARY AS UKRAINIAN
SOLDIERS PERISHED THE BATTLE.
NOTE ALSO THE HIGHEST DEATH
TOTAL ON ANY DAY IN THE UKRAINE
RUSSIAN WAR WAS AUGUST 7th THIS
YEAR WHILE AID WAS BEING
WITHHELD. THIS HAS LIFE AND
DEATH CONSEQUENCES AND I YIELD
BACK TO THE GENTLEMAN.
>> VERY QUICKLY. IMPEACHMENT IS
DESIGNED FOR THE PRESIDENT AND
HIS HIGHER MINISTERS TO BE
CALLED INTO ACCOUNT. THAT'S ALL
WE'RE DOING ON THE BEHALF OF THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE AND PROSECTING
THE NATIONAL SECURITY
OF
THIS NATION. I YIELD BACK.
>> FOR THOSE OF US THAT HAVE
BEEN IN A WAR ZONE, PEOPLE DO
DIE
IN THE WAR ZONE.
>> PRESIDENT CLINTON SUBMITTED A
CRIME AND PERJURY. THE
CONSTITUTION IS PRETTY CLEAR ON
WHAT CONSTITUTES AN IMPEACHABLE
OFFENSE. REASON, BRIBERY AND
OTHER HIGH CRIMES. IT'S NOT
REASON, BRIBERY AND OTHER HIGH
CRIMES AND DEMEANORS AND
WHATEVER
ELSE NANCY AND ADAM SCHIFF DEEM
IMPEACHABLE. I THINK WE COULD
SAY NO PRESIDENT INTERVENES WITH
THE HOUSING OFFICES. JUST LIKE
THE PRESIDENT SHOULDN'T ABUSE
THE POWERS TO OBTAIN THE PHONE
RECORDS OF THE PRESIDENT'S
PERSONAL ATTORNEY, A MEMBER OF
THE MEDIA, RANKS MEMBER OF THE
SAME COMMITTEE. THAT DOESN'T
MAKE ALLEGED ABUSIVE POWER. ON
THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL GROUNDS OF
IMPEACHMENT, THE MAJORITY GOES
TO GREAT LENGTHS TO EXPLAIN WHY
THE ABUSIVE POWER IS AN
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE MENTIONING
IT WAS ONE OF THE CHARGES
AGAINST RICHARD NIXON AND BILL
CLINTON. WHAT THEY DON'T MENTION
IS THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
HAS NEVER ADOPTED AN ALLEGED
ABUSIVE EMPOWER AS AN
IMPEACHMENT. WHY? THERE'S NO
CRIMINAL STATUTE DESCRIBING WHAT
ALLEGED ABUSIVE POWER IS. IT'S
THERE ARE FOR A
BIG AND AM BIGGOUS AMBIGUOUS
TERM. THEY SHOW THE ACTIONS OF
THE PRESIDENT RISE TO A LEVEL OF
IMPEACHMENT. I BELIEVE BILL
CLINTON HAD ABUSED THE POWER OF
HIS OFFICE AND WE FAILED TO
CONVINCE THE COLLEAGUES IN THE
HOUSE AND THAT PARTICULAR CHARGE
WAS REJECTED BY THE CASE. IN
THIS CASE, THE EVIDENCE PROVIDED
IS LESS CONVINCING AND
NONEXISTENT. FIST, NO QUID PRO
QUO. SECOND, IT'S LIKELY KNOWN
THAT UKRAINE IS ONE OF THE MOST
CORRUPT COUNTRIES ON THE PLANET.
PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS WELL AWARE
OF THE FACT AND QUIET SKEPTICAL
OF GETTING UKRAINE FOREIGN AID
LONG BEFORE THE JULY 25th PHONE
CALL. THIRD UKRAINE ACTUALLY
RECEIVED THE AID AFTER THE
PRESIDENT WAS SATISFIED THAT
UKRAINE HAD TAKEN MEANINGFUL
STEPS. WHICH AGAIN IS AN
OBLIGATION REQUIRED BY LAW.
BASED ON THE ACTUAL FACTS OF THE
CASE COMPILED BY THE
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE, IT'S
CLEAR NO ABUSIVE POWER EVER TOOK
PLACE AND THERE CERTAINLY ISN'T
ENOUGH EVIDENCE TO SUPPORT AN
ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT. MR.
CHAIRMAN, AS YOU WELL KNOW
THERE'S A SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN THE POWER CHARGES
BETWEEN NIXON AND CLINTON AND
THOSE PRESENTED HERE. IN THE
NIXON IMPEACHMENT, ABUSIVE POWER
WAS ATTACKED ON CHARGE. FAR LESS
IMPORTANT THAN THE ACTUAL HIGH
CRIMES CHARGED AGAINST BOTH OF
THEM. HERE IT'S THE MAIN THRUST
OF THE HOUSE DEMOCRATS ENTIRE
CASE. LET ME PUT IT ANOTHER WAY.
THE ENTIRE ARGUMENT FOR
IMPEACHMENT IN THIS CASE IS
BASED ON A CHARGE THAT IS NOT A
CRIME. MUCH LESS A HIGH CRIME
AND THAT HAS NEVER BEEN APPROVED
BY THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
AND A PRESIDENTIAL IMPEACHMENT
BEFORE EVER IN HISTORY. IF
THAT'S THE BEST YOU GOT, YOU
WASTED A WHOLE LOT OF TIME AND
TAXPAYER DOLLARS ALL BECAUSE SO
MANY OF YOU, MR. CHAIRMAN, HATE
THIS PRESIDENT. ONE LAST THING,
I GUESS WE NOW KNOW WHY NANCY
PELOSI WAS FOCUSED ON BRIBERY AS
A POTENTIAL CHARGE. SHE WAS
DESPERATELY SEARCHING FOR A
CRIME, ANY CRIME TO JUSTIFY THIS
SHAM IMPEACHMENT. THAT WAS
ABANDONED BECAUSE SHE KNOWS MOST
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS KNOW AND NOW
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE KNOW THERE
SIMPLY WASN'T A CRIME COMMITTED
HERE AND THERE SHOULDN'T BE AN
IMPEACHMENT HERE EITHER. I YIELD
BACK.
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD. THERE
ARE NO CRIMES HERE. THAT IS THE
DEFENSE MY COLLEAGUES ACROSS THE
AISLE LOOK FORWARD. HOW ABOUT
THE HIGHEST CRIME ONE WHO HOLDS
PUBLIC OFFICE COULD
COMMIT? A CRIME AGAINST HOUR
CONSTITUTION. AFTERALL, THE
CONSTITUTION IS THE HIGHEST MOST
SUPREME LAW OF THE LAND. EVERY
OTHER LAW, STATUTORY LAWS
INCLUDED DERIVE FROM THE
CONSTITUTION, NOT THE OTHER WAY
AROUND. THE PRESIDENT COMMITTED
THE HIGHEST CRIME AGAINST THE
CONSTITUTION BY ABUSING HIS
OFFICE. CHEATING IN AN ELECTION
AND INVITING FOREIGN
INTERFERENCE FOR PURELY PERSONAL
GAIN WHILE JEOPARDIZING OUR
NATIONAL SECURITY AND THE
INTEGRITY OF OUR ELECTIONS. NOW,
THE CONSTITUTION DOES NOT
REQUIRE PRESIDENT TRUMP HAVE
COMMITTED STATUTORY CRIMES.
AFTERALL, WE IN CONGRESS ARE NOT
CRIMINAL PROSECUTORS. WE DO NOT
PROSECUTE CRIMES, WE PROTECT THE
CONSTITUTION. SINCE MY
COLLEAGUES KEEP BRINGING UP WHAT
POTENTIAL CRIMES A CRIMINAL
PROSECUTOR COULD CHARGE A
PRESIDENT WITH, LET'S GO THROUGH
SOME OF THEM. PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
CONDUCT OVERLAPS WITH CRIMINAL
ACTS. LET'S START THE CRIMINAL
BRIBERY, 18U.S. CODE 201B2A.
RELEVANT HERE, CRIMINAL BRIBERY
OCCURS WHEN A PUBLIC OFFICIAL
DEMANDS OR SEEKS ANYTHING OF
VALUE PERSONALLY. IN RETURN TO
BEING INFLUENCED IN THE
PERFORMANCE OF AN OFFICIAL ACT.
ADDITIONALLY, THE PUBLIC
OFFICIAL MUST CARRY OUT THESE
ACTS ABRUPTLY. PRESIDENT TRUMP
DEMANDED AND SOUGHT THE
ANNOUNCEMENT AND CONDUCT
LITTICLY MOTIVATED. ANYTHING OF
VALUE PERSONALLY, FOR THE
PURPOSE OF ANTI BRIBERY LAW, THE
VALUE HAS BEEN BROADLY CARRIED
OUT THE PURPOSE OF PUNISHING THE
ABUSE OF PUBLIC OFFICE. THE
THIRD REQUIREMENT AS THE SPELL
COMMITTEE REPORTED PRESIDENT
TRUMP SOUGHT AN ANNOUNCEMENT OF
THESE INVESTIGATIONS IN RETURN
FOR THE TWO OFFICIAL ACTS.
FIRST, THE CONDITIONED RELEASE
OF VITAL MILITARY ASSISTANT AND
SECOND, HE CONDITIONED A HEAD OF
STATE MEETING ON THESE
INVESTIGATIONS. FOURTH,
PERFORMANCE OF AN OFFICIAL ACT.
THE COURTS DEFINED AN OFFICIAL
ACT AS ANY DECISION OR ACTION,
MATTER, CAUSE, SUIT OR
CONTROVERSY THAT MAY BE WITH THE
OFFICIAL. THE MILITARY AID AND
THE WHITE HOUSE MEET THIS
REQUIREMENT. FINALLY, CORRUPTLY.
PRESIDENT TRUMP BEHAVED
CORRUPTLY THROUGHOUT THIS COURSE
OF CONDUCT BECAUSE HE USED THIS
OFFICIAL OFFICE IN EXCHANGE TO
SEEK A PRIVATE BENEFIT. A SECOND
CRIME, SERVICE FRAUD. 18U.S.
CODE SECTION 1346. PRESIDENT
TRUMP KNOWINGLY AND WILLFULLY
ORCHESTRATED A SCHEME TO DEFRAUD
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE OF THE
SERVICES AS PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES. THIS HAS BEEN A
LINE OFTEN IN THE COURTS WITH
BRIBERY ACCEPTED AND ALSO
INCLUDED
USING A WIDER COMMUNICATION,
CLEARLY.
>> DO YOU YIELD YOUR QUESTION?
>> I DO NOT YIELD. THE JULY 25
PHONE CALL CONSTITUTES A WIRE
COMMUNICATION. THERE YOU HAVE
IT. AT LEAST TWO CRIMINAL
STATUTORY CRIMES. HOWEVER, ALL
OF THESE CONVERSATIONS ABOUT
STATUTORY CRIMES ARE MOOT
BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES REFUSES TO ALLOW
HIS OWN DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TO
INDICT HIM. THE PRESIDENT MAY BE
CHARGED WITH CRIMES STATUTORILY
ONE DAY BUT THAT'S NOT WHAT
WE'RE DOING HERE ON THIS DAY. WE
ARE NOT RESTRICTED LIKE THE
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE IS. WE
WILL UPHOLD OUR DUTY TO CHARGE
THE PRESIDENT WITH THE CRIMES
AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION THAT HE
HAS COMMITTED USING YOUR
TAXPAYER DOLLARS JEOPARDIZING
THE INTEGRITY OF YOUR VOTE FOR A
PURELY POLITICAL PURPOSE AND A
PURELY PERSONAL GAIN. MR.
CHAIRMAN, WITH THAT I
YIELD.
>> I APPRECIATE THE GENTLEMAN'S
FORMER PROSECUTOR SPEAKING WITH
AUTHORITY. I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW
THAT THE ARGUMENT THAT SOMEHOW
LYING ABOUT A SEXUAL AFFAIR IS
AN ABUSE OF PRESIDENTIAL POWER
BUT THE MISUSE OF PRESIDENTIAL
POWERS TO GET A BENEFIT SOMEHOW
DOESN'T MATTER. IF IT'S LYING
ABOUT SEX WE COULD PUT STORMY
DANIELS AHEAD OF US. WE DON'T
BELIEVE THAT'S A HIGH CRIME.
>> YIELD.
>> IT IS NOT BEFORE US. IT
SHOULD NOT BE FOR US. IT'S NOT
AN ABUSE OF PRESIDENTIAL POWER.
I FIELD BACK.
>> GENTLEMAN, THIS TIME HAS
EXPIRED.
>> I
RISE IN SUPPORT.
>> YIELD BRIEFLY.
>> GENTLEMAN YIELD BRIEFLY?
>> YES.
>> THE IMPORTANT THING IS THAT
BILL CLINTON LIED TO A GRAND
JURY. THAT IS A CRIME. THE
ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT PASSED
THE HOUSE AND ACCUSED BILL
CLINTON OF LYING TO A GRAND
JURY, A CRIME AND SOMETHING THAT
OBSTRUCTS THE ABILITY OF THE
COURTS TO GET TO THE TRUTH. THIS
IS NOT WHAT IS
HAPPENING HERE. BIG DIFFERENCE.
>> THANK YOU. IT IS INTERESTING
THOUGH WE'RE HERE BECAUSE OF
FRAUD. NOT VALUED PRESIDENT BUT
FROM WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE. I REALIZE PEOPLE ON THE
OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE HAVE
BEEN BUSY TRYING TO FIND SOME
KIND OF CRIMINAL CHARGE TO BRING
AGAINST THE PRESIDENT NONE OF
WHICH WORKED THAT THEY MAY NOT
HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE MOST
RESENT REPORT BUT IT IS CLEAR
NOW, IT IS CLEAR NOW THAT THE
WHOLE INVESTIGATION THAT HAS
BROUGHT US HERE WITH CRIME
AFTER CRIME BEING ALLEGED AND
HAVING TO BE DROPPED WAS A
FRAUDULENT EFFORT BEFORE THE
COURT TO HAVE A SURVEILLANCE
WARRANT DONE AGAINST CARTER
PAGE. THEY LIED INITIALLY AND
SAID THAT HE WAS A RUSSIAN AGENT
WHEN ACTUALLY HE HAD BEEN USED
BY THE CIA AS A SPY AGAINST
RUSSIA. SO THEY LIED. IT WAS
FRAUDULENT AND THERE HOPEFULLY
WILL BE PEOPLE WHO WILL ANSWER
FOR THEIR CRIMES AND FRAUD IN
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE FOR
THE DAYS TO COME AND THAT SOUNDS
LIKE IT SHOULD BE THE CASE. IT
WAS FRAUD THROUGH. FOR THREE
YEARS WE'VE BEEN HEARING ABOUT
THE CRIMES OF THE CANDIDATE
TRUMP AND THEN THE CRIMES OF
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND WE COME NOW
TODAY BASED ON THE INITIAL FRAUD
THAT GOT THIS WHOLE IMPEACHMENT
STUFF STARTED AND NO ONE ON THE
OTHER SIDE IS WILLING TO
ACKNOWLEDGE THE FRAUD THAT
BROUGHT US HERE NOR THE FACT
THAT SO MANY PEOPLE HERE HAVE
BEEN SCREAMING ABOUT THE
PRESIDENT'S CRIMES AND WE'RE
EVEN HEARING TODAY LIKE WE JUST
DID OH YES, THERE WERE CRIMES.
WHY AREN'T THEY IN THIS
IMPEACHMENT DOCUMENT? BECAUSE
THEY DON'T EXIST. THEY'VE BEEN
DISPROVEN OVER AND OVER AND OVER
AGAIN AND THAT'S WHY THE
GENTLEMAN'S AMENDMENT IS SO WELL
TAKEN. YOU DON'T WANT TO GO DOWN
THIS GROUND. I THINK IT'S A BAD
IDEA WHEN IT WAS PROPOSED
BEFORE. HIGH CRIMES AND
MISDEMEANORS IF IT'S NOT REASON,
EVEN MISDEMEANORS ARE CRIMES. SO
WE'VE HAD TO DROP THE FRAUD OF
ALL THE CRIMES BEING ALLEGED AND
PEOPLE SAYING IN
HERE AND IN THE PUBLIC GEE,
WE'RE GOING TO GET THE PRESIDENT
BECAUSE HE CONCLUDED WITH RUSSIA
AND THAT'S BEEN DISPROVEN AND
DROPPED. NOW WE'RE LEFT WITH
BRIBERY AND DISTORTION AND NOW
THOSE HAD TO BE DROPPED BECAUSE
THERE WERE NO CRIMES AND I
APPRECIATE THE GENTLEMAN
BRINGING UP CRIMES BUT THOSE ARE
NOT ALLEGED HERE. LET ME JUST
SAY THIS IS A DAY THAT
WILL LIVE IN EMERGENCY
INFAMY. THOSE DAYS ARE GOING TO
BE GONE. THIS BECAME A TOOL OF
THE MAJORITY TO TRY TO DEFEAT,
USE TAXPAYER FUNDS, TO DEFEAT A
PRESIDENT. BY THE WAY, THE STAR
REPORT, 36 BOXES,
HE CAME IN AND TESTIFIED. WE
WERE KEPT OUT OF HEARING THE
WITNESSES. THERE WERE, IN THE
WATER GATE, THESE WITNESSES
TESTIFIED ON TELEVISION. IT WAS
PUBLIC. IT WAS NOT A STAR
CHAMBER LIKE THE SCHIFF CHAMBER
BECAME. I WOULD LIKE TO YIELD
BACK MY TIME TO MY FRIEND.
>> WHEN DID IT HAPPEN? IF IT
HAPPENED WHY ISN'T IT IN THE
RESOLUTION. DEMOCRATS SAY
THERE'S SOME SCHEME TO HAVE AN
ANNOUNCEMENT MADE BY PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY TO GET A PHONE CALL
WITH THE PRESIDENT AND GET THE
AID RELEASED. WHEN DID THE
ANNOUNCEMENT HAPPEN? THEY GOT
THE CALL ON  JULY 25th. THEY GOT
THE MEETING ON SEPTEMBER 25th.
THEY GOT THEIR MONEY ON
SEPTEMBER 11th. THERE WAS NEVER
AN ANNOUNCEMENT FROM THE
UKRAINIANS TO DO AN
INVESTIGATION. YOU CAN KEEP
SAYING ALL THIS STUFF AND ALL
THE POINTS THIS HAPPENED, IT
DIDN'T HAPPEN. NOT THE FACTS.
THOSE ARE NOT THE FACTS. WE KNOW
WHY THE AID GOT RELEASED, WE
LEARNED THIS GUY, THE NEW
PRESIDENT WAS ACTUALLY THE
TRANSFORMER, THE REAL DEAL WAS
ACTUALLY A DEAL WITH THE
CORRUPTION DEAL IN HIS COUNTRY.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED. YOU CAN
MAKE UP ALL THE THINGS YOU
WANT. THOSE ARE NOT
THE
FACTS.
>> GENTLEMAN, TIME EXPIRED.
>>> WE'RE HERE TODAY BECAUSE THE
PRESIDENT APEWSED HIS POWER.
WE'RE HERE BECAUSE HE WELCOMED
FOREIGN INTERFERENCE
AS IT RELATES TO RUSSIA. HE
SOLICITED THE WHITE HOUSE LAWN
WITH CHINA AND DID IT WITH
UKRAINE. HE'S A SERIAL
SOLICITOR. LET'S GO THROUGH THE
FACTS. CONGRESS ALLOCATED $391
MILLION ON A MILITARY AID TO
UKRAINE. CURRENTLY AT WAR WITH
RUSSIAN BACKED SEPARATIST IN THE
EAST. UKRAINE IS A FRIEND AND
RUSSIA IS A FOE. THE UNITED
STATES IS PROBABLY THE
ONLY THING STANDING BETWEEN
PUTIN AND UKRAINE BEING OVERRUN.
IT WOULD BE IN THE NATIONAL
SECURITY INTEREST OF THE UNITED
STATES AND EVERY SINGLE FACT
WITNESS BEFORE THIS CONGRESS
SAID SO. YOU CAN'T EVEN DISPUTE
THAT. WE ALLOCATED ON A
BIPARTISAN BASIS. THEN THE AID
WAS WITHHELD. FOR THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE AND THEY DESERVE TO
FIGURE OUT WHY. IN FEBRUARY,
THERE WAS A LETTER SAYING OKAY,
THE AID IS ON THE WAY. IT NEVER
ARRIVED. IN APRIL HE HAD A
PHONE CALL TO PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY. THE WORD CORRUPTION
WAS NOT MENTIONED ONCE. THEN IN
MAY, THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
WROTE TO THIS CONGRESS. AND SAID
ALL NECESSARY PRECONDITIONS WAS
A RECEIPT OF THE AID HAVE BEEN
MET BY THE NEW UKRAINIAN
GOVERNMENT INCLUDING THE
IMPLEMENTATION OF ANTI
CORRUPTION PROTOCOLS. WE HAVE
THAT LETTER. IT WAS SENT TO YOU
AND US. THEN IN JULY ON THE 18th
AT AN OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND
BUDGET MEETING, THE AID WAS
OFFICIALLY FROZEN AT THE
DIRECTION OF THE PRESIDENT.
TWICE DURING THE SUMMER, MITCH
MCCONNELL, THE SENATE REPUBLICAN
MAJORITY LEADER CALLED THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION, WHAT HAPPENED TO
THE AID? MITCH MCCONNELL
COULDN'T GET A GOOD ANSWER. THEN
ON JULY 25th THERE WAS ANOTHER
CALL BETWEEN PRESIDENT TRUMP AND
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY. THE WORD
CORRUPTION IS NOT MENTIONED
ONCE. HERE'S WHAT WAS SAID.
ZELENSKY TALKS ABOUT DEFENSE.
THE IMMEDIATE RESPONSE WAS DO US
A
FAVOR
THOUGH. AND PRESIDENT TRUMP SAYS
I NEED YOU TO LOOK INTO SOME
THINGS. RELATED TO A WILD
CONSPIRACY THEORY RELATED TO THE
2016 CAMPAIGN AND ALSO SAYS I
WANT YOU TO LOOK INTO JOE BIDEN.
THEN WHAT'S INTERESTING IF YOU
THINK IT WAS SUCH A PERFECT
CALL, HE MENTIONS RUDOLPH
GIULIANI. NOT ONCE, TWICE BUT
THREE TIMES. WHY ON AN OFFICIAL
CALL WOULD THE PRESIDENT MENTION
RUDOLPH GIULIANI? HE'S NOT AN
AMBASSADOR, HE'S NOT A DIPLOMAT,
HE'S PRESIDENT TRUMP'S POLITICAL
ENFORCER. THEN WHAT HAPPENS? YOU
SAID YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE
FACTS. IN AUGUST, GIULIANI
TRAVELS TO MADRID AND MEETS WITH
THE UKRAINIAN GOVERNMENT AS A
FOLLOW UP TO TRUMP SAYING
UKRAINE, GO MEET WITH GIULIANI.
THEN A STATEMENT IS DRAFTED
ABOUT THE PHONY INVESTIGATION
AND SENT TO THE UKRAINIANS. WHAT
HAPPENS? IN AUGUST, THE WHISTLE
BLOWER COMPLAINT IS FILED.
SEPTEMBER 9th, THE WHISTLE
BLOWER COMPLAINT IS MADE PUBLIC
TO CONGRESS. TWO DAYS LATER ON
SEPTEMBER 11th, ALL THE SUDDEN
THE AID IS RELEASED. WHY WAS THE
AID RELEASED? BECAUSE THE
PRESIDENT WAS CAUGHT RED HANDED.
TRYING TO PRESSURE A FOREIGN
GOVERNMENT TO TARGET
AN AMERICAN CITIZEN. I YIELD
BACK.
>> FOR WHAT PURPOSE?
>> THERE WERE FIVE MEETINGS WE
DETAILED THAT SHOWED WHY THE AID
WAS RELEASED. THERE WAS BELIEF
ON THE ADMINISTRATION BELIEVING
UKRAINE WAS ONE OF THE MOST
CORRUPT AND AFTER A NUMBER OF
EVENTS WITH THE VICE PRESIDENT
FOR THE BIPARTISAN SENATE, THERE
WAS A RESOLUTION OF THAT AID BUT
THIS DEBATE JUST LAPS A CERTAIN
SINCERITY. I HEARD EARLIER MY
FRIEND SAY LIST OUT ALL THESE
CRIMES. IF I'M WATCHING AT HOME
I'M THINKING WHERE ARE THEY IN
THE IMPEACHMENT? THAT'S JUST A
DEMOCRAT DRIVE BY TO GO LIST
CRIMES YOU DON'T
ALLEGE AND HAVE EVIDENCE FOR.
THEY'RE AIMING CRIMES IN DEBATE
THEY DON'T HAVE IN THE
IMPEACHMENT RESOLUTION. THEN I
HEAR MY FRIEND FROM NEW YORK
BRING UP RUSSIA. THE IMPEACHMENT
THEORIES PASSED AND FAILED.
THEY'RE DEBATING ABOUT HOW ARE
YOU HERE? DEBATING ABOUT
MILITARY AID AND JAVELINS
PRESIDENT TRUMP
DELIVERED
THAT PRESIDENT OBAMA WITHHELD.
WHERE WAS THIS CONCERN ABOUT HOW
TO MAKE THE UKRAINE GREAT AGAIN?
I THINK MR. JORDAN DREAMS OF
THEM IN HIS
SLEEP. BOTH PRESIDENT TRUMP AND
ZELENSKY
SAYS
THERE WAS NO PRESSURE.
EVERYTHING YOU'RE GOING TO HEAR
THEM SAY TODAY CAN BE
CATEGORIZED INTO THREE AREAS.
FIRST, IT'S STUFF PEOPLE
PRESUMED AND HAD NO DIRECT
EVIDENCE OF AND SECOND IT'S
HEARSAY, SOMEBODY TOLD SOMEBODY
AND TOLD SOMEBODY ELSE THAT
CREATED SOME CONCERN ABOUT THE
PRESIDENT'S CONDUCT OR IT IS
REFLECTIVE OF A SINCERE POLICY
DISAGREEMENT ABOUT HOW TO
MAKE
THE UKRAINE GREAT AGAIN. THEY
BELIEVE WE OUGHT TO DO
EVERYTHING FOR THE UKRAINE. I
THINK MOST AMERICANS KNOW THAT
YOU CANNOT HAVE A SHAKE DOWN IF
THE PERSON BEING SHOOK DOWN
DOESN'T KNOW ABOUT THE SHAKE
DOWN. PRESIDENT SAYING HIMSELF I
FELT NO PRESSURE AND THEN TALK
ABOUT BAD TIMING. WE GOT THIS
TIME ARTICLE THAT COMES OUT ON
THE 10th OF
DECEMBER. JUST A FEW DAYS AGO.
THERE'S ANOTHER GUY. HE KNEW
THERE WAS PRESSURE. THE SAME DAY
THEY INTRODUCED THEIR ARTICLES
OF IMPEACHMENT, HE GIVES AN
INTERVIEW AND SAYS I QUOTE
GORDON AND I WERE NEVER ALONE
TOGETHER. WE BUMPED INTO EACH
OTHER INTO THE HALLWAY. I
REMEMBER EVERYTHING. IT'S FINE
WITH MY MEMORY. WE TALKED ABOUT
HOW WELL THE MEETING WENT. THAT
IS ALL WE TALKED ABOUT. HERE
THEY ARE WITH NO CRIME, NO
VICTIM, WITH NO WITNESSES AND NO
KNOWLEDGE OF ANY SHAKE
DOWN AND YET THEY
PROCEED. YOU GOT TO BELIEVE WHEN
THEY'RE LYING TO US. THEY'RE SO
WEAK AND SO DEPENDENT ON THE
UNITED STATES WE CAN'T BELIEVE A
WORD THEY SAY. AGAIN, WHERE WERE
YOU DURING THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION WHEN THIS WEAK
ALLIE DIDN'T GET JAVELINS THEN
WITHHELD. I SUPPORT THE JORDAN
AMENDMENT. THIS ARTICLE ONE,
THIS ABUSIVE POWER THEY ALLEGED
IN THE IMPEACHMENT THEORY IS A
TOTAL JOKE. THEY HAVE TO SAY
ABUSIVE POWER BECAUSE THEY DON'T
HAVE EVIDENCE FOR ABINSTRUCTION.
THEY OBSTRUCTION. ALL THOSE
SPECIFIC CRIMES THAT THE
GENTLEMAN FROM CALIFORNIA NAMED
CANNOT BE SUPPORTED BY THE
EVIDENCE. THIS IS SORT OF THE
INKBLOT TEST OF THE IMPEACHMENT
SO THAT THE COUNTRY CAN STARE
AND EVERYBODY CAN SEE WHAT THEY
WANT TO SEE. THIS NOTION OF
ABUSIVE POWER. JUST THE LOWEST
OF LOW ENERGY IMPEACHMENT
THEORIES. HECK, I DON'T KNOW ANY
POLITICAL PARTY THAT DOESN'T
THINK WHEN THE OTHER SIDE IS IN
THE WHITE HOUSE THEY ABUSE
POWER OR DO TOO MUCH. WE DIDN'T
DO THIS TO THE COUNTRY AND PUT
THEM THROUGH THE NONSENSE. YOU
SET THE STANDARD. YOU SET IT UP
TO BE BIPARTISAN AND
OVERWHELMING. IT AIN'T
THAT AND
I
LOOKS BAD. I YIELD BACK.
>> YOU CANNOT ARGUE THINGS BOTH
WAYS. YOU CAN'T SAY THE
PRESIDENT WAS SO CONCERNED ABOUT
UKRAINE HE RELEASED AID. HE
RELEASED AID IN 2017, HE
RELEASED AID IN 2018 AND THEN
SUDDENLY BECAME CONCERNED IN
2019 AFTER VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN
ANNOUNCED HE WAS GOING TO RUN.
IF YOUR ARGUMENT IS THAT HE WAS
SO CONCERNED ABOUT UKRAINE THAT
HE RELEASED AID IN 2017 AND 2018
THEN WHY IN 2019 AFTER THE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CLEARED
UKRAINE ON CHARGES OF
CORRUPTION, WHY THEN DID HE
DECIDE HE WAS SO CONCERNED ABOUT
CORRUPTION THAT HE WAS NOT GOING
TO RELEASE AID? THAT MAKES, I'M
SORRY, I'M NOT YIELDING. I'M NOT
YIELDING.
>> THEY GOT A NEW PRESIDENT,
THAT'S WHY.
>> THE YOUNG LADY HAS THE TIME
AND THE COMMITTEE WILL BE IN
ORDER AND THE COMMITTEE WILL NOT
INTERRUPT. CONTINUE.
>> THEY GOT A NEW PRESIDENT WHO
WAS KNOWN TO BE AN ANTI
CORRUPTION FIGHTER. THAT
ARGUMENT HAS NO WEIGHT
WHATSOEVER. NOW, IF YOU WANT TO
ARGUE THAT THE PRESIDENT WAS SO
CONCERNED ABOUT CORRUPTION AT
THAT PARTICULAR MOMENT, YOU HAVE
TO LOOK AT THE WHOLE RECORD OF
U.S. POLICY AND OUR AGREEMENT
THAT THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
WOULD LOOK UNDER CERTAIN
CONDITIONS BEFORE THEY RELEASED
MILITARY AID TO DETERMINE
WHETHER OR NOT A COUNTRY HAS
SATISFIED THOSE REQUIREMENTS
AROUND CORRUPTION AND THE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RELEASED
THAT REPORT. NOWHERE BETWEEN THE
TIME DONALD TRUMP WITHHELD AID
AND THE TIME HE RELEASED THE AID
WAS THERE AN ADDITIONAL
ASSESSMENT REQUIRED OR DONE. IN
FACT, THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
SIDED THEY DIDN'T NEED TO DO
ANOTHER ASSESSMENT BECAUSE THEY
HAVE ALREADY DONE THE
ASSESSMENT. AT THE END OF THE
DAY I HAVE ONLY TWO QUESTIONS
FOR MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER
SIDE. THESE ARE THE TWO
QUESTIONS. FORGET ABOUT
PRESIDENT TRUMP. FORGET ABOUT
PRESIDENT TRUMP. WILL ANY ONE OF
MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER SIDE
SAY THAT IT IS AN ABUSE OF POWER
TO CONDITION AID, TO CONDITION
AID ON OFFICIAL ACT? FORGET
ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP. IS ANY
ONE OF MY COLLEAGUES WILLING TO
SAY THAT IT IS EVER OKAY FOR A
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA TO INVITE FOREIGN
INTERFERENCE IN OUR ELECTIONS?
NOT A SINGLE ONE OF YOU HAS SAID
THAT SO FAR.
>> I'LL SAY.
>> I YIELD TO MY COLLEAGUE FROM
TEXAS.
>> WILL YOU YIELD SO WE CAN
ANSWER THE QUESTION.
>> I'LL BE GLAD TO ANSWER THE
QUESTION.
>> I WANT TO BREAK THIS DOWN.
>> SHE HAS THE TIME.
>> SHE ASKED US.
>> MEMBERS YOU KNOW PERFECTLY
WELL IT IS OUT OF ORDER TO
INTERRUPT MEMBERS WHO HAVE THE
TIME.
>> UNLESS
THEY ASK YOU..
>> DID SHE YIELD IT TO WHOM? SHE
NOW HAS THE TIME.
>> THANK YOU, CHAIRMAN. THANK
YOU REPRESENTATIVE. I WANT TO
BREAK THIS DOWN IN SIMPLE TERMS
FOR THE AMERICAN PUBLIC BECAUSE
OUR REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES ARE
WORKING OVERTIME TO TRY TO
CONVINCE US THAT WE DIDN'T SEE
WHAT WE SAW WITH OUR OWN EYES
AND WE DIDN'T HEAR WHAT WE HEARD
WITH OUR OWN EARS. LET'S BRING
IT DOWN TO AN EXAMPLE USED
DURING THE HEARING. IF A
GOVERNOR, IF A COMMUNITY SUFFERS
A NATURAL DISASTER AND THE
GOVERNOR OF THE STATE HAS AID
THAT WILL HELP THAT COMMUNITY,
BUT CALLS THE MAYOR OF YOUR
COMMUNITY AND SAYS I WANT YOU TO
DO ME A FAVOR THOUGH AND
CONDITION WITH GIVING THE AID TO
THE COMMUNITY ON THE POLICE
CHIEF SMEARING HIS POLITICAL
OPPONENT HAS THERE BEEN A CRIME?
THE ANSWER IS YES. THAT GOVERNOR
WOULD GO TO JAIL. IF THAT
GOVERNOR LATER RELEASES THE AID
AFTER HE GOT CAUGHT, IT DOESN'T
MATTER. HE STILL COMMITTED THE
CRIME. FURTHER MORE, IF THAT
GOVERNOR SAYS DURING THE
INVESTIGATION
I'M GOING TO FIGHT THE
SUBPOENAS, GUESS WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE GOVERNOR? HE COMMITTED A
CRIME. HE WOULD GO TO JAIL. IF
THE GOVERNOR THEN TRIED TO COVER
UP HIS WRONG DOING, COVER IT UP
SO THAT HIS PEOPLE, HIS
CONSTITUENTS COULDN'T SEE HIS
WRONG DOING, WHAT WOULD HAPPEN
TO THE GOVERNOR? DID HE COMMIT A
CRIME? YES, HE WOULD GO TO JAIL.
AS WILDLY AS THEY'RE TRYING TO
CONVINCE YOU THERE WAS NO WRONG
DOING, I WANT THE AMERICAN
PUBLIC TO UNDERSTAND WHAT IS
GOING ON HERE. IT'S CLEAR AS
DAY. WE'VE SEEN IT WITH OUR OWN
EYES. WE'VE HEARD IT WITH OUR
OWN
EARS. FACTS MATTER. I YIELD
BACK. [CAPTIONERS TRANSITIONING]
RECORD WILL BE INTRODUCED.
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THANK YOU MR. CHAIRMAN. THANK
YOU FOR COMING BACK. I WANT TO
ADDRESS COMMENTS THERE ARE
DEFINITELY CRIMES IN THIS
SITUATION. FIRST OF ALL, DURING
THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION, HE
WENT ON
NATIONAL TV AND SAID SOMETHING
TO THE EFFECT THAT AN INDICTMENT
IS COMING. HE KNEW IT. I KNOW
THAT MR. SMALL WELL WAS A
PROSECUTOR AND NOS  CRIMES  AND
HE NOS   NOT TO BRING A CHARGE
OR A CRIME UNLESS THERE IS A
REASONABLE PROBABILITY OF
CONVICTION. I WOULD DIRECT HIM
TO THE ELEMENTS OF BRIBERY. WHO
EVER BEING A PUBLIC OFFICIAL FOR
BEING INFLUENCED IN THE
PERFORMANCE OF AN OFFICIAL ACT.
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE'S
CRIMINAL INTEGRITY DEPARTMENT
WITH SOMETHING AS NAPI LIST AS
AN INVESTIGATION IS NOT OF
CONCRETE VALUE. AND A CON
INSTITUTE'S SOMETHING OF VALUE
UNDER THIS STATUTE. ALSO THE
OTHER ELEMENT.
IF THERE ARE CRIMES, WE SHOULD
BE BRINGING IN EXPERTS AND
TESTIMONY AND IF THERE IS A
CRIME, IT IS MORE FAIR TO CHARGE
-- TO PASS ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT ON A PRESIDENT
DEFENDING AGAINST SPECIFIC
ELEMENTS AS OPPOSED TO ABUSE OF
POWER. MR. SWALWELL , THE ACT
THAT YOU TALK ABOUT UNDER THE
McCONNELL DECISION IN THE
SUPREME COURT, THAT DECISION
SAYS THAT SETTING UP A
ORGANIZING EVENT DOES NOT SET UP
THE DEFINITION OF AN OFFICIAL
ACT. THERE ARE TWO ELEMENTS
MISSING IN YOUR ANALYSIS BUT
THAT DOES NOT SURPRISE ME
BECAUSE THERE WERE NO ELEMENTS
THAT THE SPECIAL COUNCIL FOUND
IN THIS SITUATION. I THINK IT IS
UNFORTUNATE WHEN THE GENTLEMAN
FROM RHODE ISLAND TALKS ABOUT
THE PRESIDENT SENDING MR.
GIULIANI TO THE UKRAINE TO SMEAR
VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN. LET'S TALK
ABOUT WHAT VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN
DID. HIS SON SAT ON A BOARD AND
MADE AN A RED JUST AMOUNT OF
MONEY
FOR SOMEONE WHO HAD NO
BACKGROUND IN ENERGY OR NO
BACKGROUND IN UKRAINE WHILE HIS
FATHER WAS VICE PRESIDENT. IF
THAT IS NOT A FAIR TOPIC FOR
DISCUSSION IN THE WORLD OF
POLITICS, I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS.
IT'S MARRYING IS TRYING TO
CONJURE UP FALSE INFORMATION OR
MAKING A FAKE ARGUMENT BASED ON
FALSE INFORMATION
. THIS IS NOT SMEARING, THIS IS
SEEKING THE TRUTH ABOUT
CORRUPTION. NOT A SINGLE MEMBER
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE
HAS BEEN WILLING TO CONDEMN THE
CONDUCT OF THE FORMER VICE
PRESIDENT
. HOW FRUSTRATING IT MUST BE TO
BE PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HAVE YOUR
SON SPEND OVER $1 MILLION ON
ATTORNEYS FEES WHEN THE SPECIAL
COUNCIL IS INVESTIGATING
SOMETHING THAT NEVER HAPPENED
. THERE WAS NO COLLUSION AND
THERE WAS NO CONSPIRACY BETWEEN
RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
BUT, THERE IS CLEAR EVIDENCE OF
WRONGDOING BETWEEN HUNTER BIDEN
, THE FORMER VICE PRESIDENT, JOE
BIDEN.
>> WITH ALL GENTLEMAN YIELD?
>> NO, I WILL NOT. AND THE
UKRAINE AND THE CORPORATION.
SO THE IDEA THERE WAS A SMEAR
GOING ON, LET'S LOOK AT THE
FACTS. I WILL YIELD TO MY FRIEND
FROM ARIZONA
.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH, LET'S
TALK ABOUT WHAT WAS GOING ON IN
2017 AND 20 18 AND IN 2019 THERE
WAS A PAUSE PUT ON IT. AND
BENCHMARKS WERE PUT UNDER THE
PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATION
TESTIFIED IN THIS COMMITTEE. WE
KNOW THAT SEVERAL PREVIOUS
CORRUPT ADMINISTRATORS AND
CABINET OFFICIALS INCLUDING SOME
OLIGARCHS HAVE RELATIONSHIPS
. THERE WAS CONCERN OVER WAS THE
REAL DEAL. THE PAUSE WAS UNKNOWN
AND THEY MET WITH
HIM TO DETERMINE HE WAS THE REAL
DEAL. ONCE TWO NEW
ANTICORRUPTION MEASURES WERE
DONE IN TWO DAYS, THAT'S WHAT
CHANGED. YIELD BACK.
>> FOR PURPOSES, THE GENTLEMAN
FROM CALIFORNIA?
>> THE UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST
FOR A NOVEMBER 15, 2019 ARTICLE.
ALL OF ROBERT MUELLER'S
INDICTMENTS IN HIS LENGTHY
INVESTIGATION.
>> I OBJECT.
>> I OBJECT, I WANT TO SEE IT.
>> THE GENTLEMAN RESERVES A
OBJECTION AND WANTS TO SEE IT
AND THAT IS FAIR.
>> WHAT PURPOSE DO YOU SEEK
RESIGNATION TIERS I MOVED TO
STRIKE. I YIELD TO MY FRIEND AND
COLLEAGUE FROM FLORIDA.
>> I THINK THE GENTLEMAN FOR
YIELDING. I NEED TO COME BACK TO
THIS INTERVIEW BECAUSE IT'S LIKE
THE TREE IN THE FOREST THAT FELL
AND NOBODY HEARD AND IT
DEMOLISHES THE CASE. THEY HAVE
NO EVIDENCE THAT UKRAINIANS EVER
KNEW THIS AID WAS WITHHELD
. THEY ARE LITERALLY TRYING TO
PROSECUTE AN IMPEACHMENT AGAINST
THE PRESIDENT FOR A SHAKE DOWN
WHEN THE ALLEGED PEOPLE BEING
SHOOK DOWN FELT NO PRESSURE AND
NUMBER TWO DID NOT EVEN KNOW IT
WAS HAPPENING. TIME AND AGAIN,
YOU HEARD THEM IN DEBATE AND THE
PRESS CONFERENCES AND THE WHOLE
CIRCUS OF SHOWS GOING ON HERE.
WE HAVE THIS TESTIMONY FROM
GORDON SONDLAND AND WE ALL
REMEMBER HIM. WANDERING HIS WAY
TO AN ESCALATOR WITH THIS GUY
WHO SPEAKS ENGLISH AS A SECOND
LANGUAGE. GORDON SAYS, MAYBE I
SAID SOMETHING TO HIM ABOUT THIS
. THAT WAS THE WHOLE DEAL FOR
THEM. AND THEN, YOU TALK ABOUT
EMBARRASSING. THIS
SAME DAY THAT THEY INTRODUCE THE
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT THAT WE
KNEW WHAT THEY WOULD INTRODUCE
ONE WAY OR THE OTHER, THE MOMENT
THEY TOOK MAJORITY. SO, SHOW ME
THE UKRAINIAN THAT WAS PRESSURED
. SHOW ME THE UKRAINIAN THAT NEW
ANY OF THIS WAS TIED TO ANY
CONDITIONALITY. THERE IS NO
CONDITIONALITY IN THE CALL AND
SO IT IS QUITE EASY TO ANSWER
THE GENTLE LADY FROM
WASHINGTON'S QUESTION. THERE IS
NO CONDITIONALITY. YOU CANNOT
PROVE IT AND YOU HAVE NO
EVIDENCE OF IT. FRANKLY, EVEN
THE UKRAINIANS AND THEIR
PURPORTED VICTIMS ARE COMING OUT
IN THE PRESS
THAT THE FUNDAMENTAL PREMISE HAS
BEEN REJECTED. I YIELD TO THE
GENTLEMAN FROM OHIO.
>> PENNSYLVANIA.
>> I YIELD BACK TO THE GENTLEMAN
FROM PENNSYLVANIA.
>> I YIELD TO MY FRIEND FROM
OHIO.
>> THANK YOU FOR YIELDING.
ZELENSKY RAN ON THE  CORRUPTION
AND LET'S SEE IF HE IS THE REAL
DEAL. WE TALK ABOUT FIVE
CRITICAL MEETINGS THAT TOOK
PLACE
. FIVE MEETINGS AND I THINK THE
LAST IS MOST IMPORTANT BECAUSE
YOU HAD A DEMOCRAT SENATOR AND A
REPUBLICAN SENATOR MEET WITH
PRESIDENTNINE . THEY KNEW THE
AID HAD BEEN PAUSED AT THAT TIME
AND THE ISSUE NEVER CAME UP.
WHAT DID COME UP WAS THAT BOTH
CENTERS CAME BACK AND SAID THIS
IS THE REAL DEAL AND WE ARE
SPENDING THE HARD EARNED TAX
DOLLARS OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
TO UKRAINE. THAT IS WHAT
HAPPENED ON THE FACTS ARE CLEAR.
THE FACTS ARE ON THE PRESIDENT'S
SIDE AND ALWAYS HAVE BEEN ON HIS
SIDE. THE DEMOCRATS KEEP SAYING
TO GET THE CALL AND TO MAKE THE
MONEY, THERE HAD TO BE AN
ANNOUNCEMENT. DECEMBER 12, THERE
IS YET TO BE AN ANNOUNCEMENT
ABOUT ANY KIND OF INVESTIGATION
. IT NEVER HAPPENED BECAUSE IT
NEVER NEEDED TO HAPPEN AND THAT
WASN'T THE POINT. THEY GOT THE
PAUL CALL. THEY GOT THE MONEY
SEPTEMBER 11.
>> THE OTHER THING I WANT TO
POINT OUT AND I DON'T KNOW HOW
MANY TIMES I HAVE HEARD THIS
WITH THE DEMOCRATS TALKING ABOUT
THIS IN THE NOW FAMOUS CALL
TRANSCRIPT WITH PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY . THE DEMOCRATS DON'T
READ THE PLAIN LANGUAGE AND THE
STAR PROFESSOR WITNESS HERE LAST
WEEK TALKED ABOUT THIS BEING THE
ROYAL WE. YOU TRY TO PORTRAY THE
SENTENCE AND SHE SAID, I WOULD
LIKE YOU TO DO ME A FAVOR,
THOUGH. THAT'S NOT WHAT IT SAYS.
IT HAS COME I WOULD LIKE YOU TO
DO US A FAVOR. GUESS WHAT THE
NEXT TWO WORDS ARE? BECAUSE OUR
COUNTRY, IT DOESN'T SAY I WOULD
LIKE YOU TO DO ME A FAVOR. IT
DOESN'T SAY THAT
. I WOULD LIKE YOU TO DO US A
FAVOR BECAUSE OUR COUNTRY HAS
BEEN THROUGH A LOT. THAT IS THE
UNDERSTATEMENT OF THE YEAR. HECK
YEAH, OUR COUNTRY HAS BEEN
THROUGH A LOT
. THIS IS THE DAY AFTER BOB
MUELLER SET THROUGH THIS
COMMITTEE AND WE LEARNED THERE
WAS NOTHING THERE. FOR TWO YEARS
OUR COUNTRY HAS BEEN PUT THROUGH
TURMOIL BECAUSE OF YOU GUYS.
THAT'S WHAT THE PRESIDENT IS
POINTING OUT. IN THE PARAGRAPH,
HE REFERENCES BOB MUELLER
. HECK YEAH, OUR COUNTRY HAD
BEEN THROUGH A LOT AND THE
PRESIDENT WAS PRETTY TICKED
ABOUT IT AND WANTED TO FIND OUT
WHAT WAS GOING ON. THAT IS VERY
LEGITIMATE AND WORKING ON BEHALF
OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. AS I
SAID LAST NIGHT, 63 MILLION
PEOPLE VOTED FOR THIS GUY AND
THAT'S WHY THE SPEAKER OF THE
HOUSE CALLED IT AN IMPOSTER.
I YELLED BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
MR. JOHNSON.
>>
MR. DIRECTOR, A LAST WORD.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> I WANT TO SLOW DOWN AND BUY
ARTICLE.
BOTH GENTLEMEN ARE ATTORNEYS AND
IN THIS CASE, WE ARE SUPPOSED TO
BE FINDERS OF FACT. TO CAREFULLY
AND OBJECTIVELY ANALYZE THE
CLAIMS AGAINST THE RECORD. LET'S
DO THAT
. THERE ARE TWO ARTICLES, ABUSE
OF POWER AND OBSTRUCTION OF
JUSTICE. ON THE FIRST, DEMOCRATS
KNOW THERE IS ZERO DIRECT
EVIDENCE IN THESE PROCEEDINGS.
THE PRESIDENT TRUMP ENGAGED IN
ANY SCHEME OF ANY KIND AS IS IN
THE RESOLUTION OR THAT HE
INFLUENCE THE 2020 ELECTION. NO
INFLUENCE -- IMPEACHMENT SHOULD
PROCEED ON THE BASIS OF HEARSAY,
CONJECTURE AND SPECULATION THAT
WOULD NOT BE ADMISSIBLE IN THE
LOCAL TRAFFIC COURT. WE SAY THAT
OVER AND OVER. AND THERE IS
SIMPLY NO EVIDENCE OF ANY
CONDITION. I GUESS I NEED TO
REPEAT THE FOUR INDISPUTABLE
FACTS IN THIS RECORD. BECAUSE
REPETITION IS REALLY NECESSARY
HERE. FIRST, PRESIDENT TRUMP AND
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY SAY NO
PRESSURE WAS EXERTED. THE CALL
TRANSCRIPT SHOWS NO
CONDITIONALITY AND NUMBER THREE
IS UKRAINE WAS NOT AWARE OF THE
AID, AS IT HAS BEEN SAID OVER
AND OVER, THAT IT WAS NOT BEEN
DELAYED. THEY STILL RECEIVE THE
AID AND THEY GOT THE MEETING.
OUR COLLEAGUES KEEP
MISREPRESENTING THE FACTS. NOT
ONLY DO THEY MISREPRESENT THAT
DO ME A FAVOR DO US A FAVOR BUT
THREE OF THE 17 WITNESSES
LISTENED IN ON THE CALL THAT
WERE CALLED BY CHAIRMANSHIP.
FROM WHAT WE HAVE HEARD THIS
MORNING, THEY DID NOT PROVIDE
UNCONTROVERTED THEORIES. THEY
CONTRADICTED EACH OTHER.
AND THE OTHER SHOWS THAT
PRESIDENT TRUMP HOLDS A
DEEP-SEATED AND REASONABLE
SKEPTICISM OF UKRAINE DUE TO ITS
HISTORY OF PERVASIVE CORRUPTION.
AND THE NEWLY ELECTED PRESIDENT
IS A TRUE REPORTER -- REFORMER
AND THE PRESIDENT FOUND OUT HE
IS A SWAMP TRAINER AND THE FUNDS
WERE RELEASED. PRESIDENT TRUMP
WANTED TO ENSURE THE TAXPAYER
ASSISTANCE WOULD NOT BE
SQUANDERED BY WHAT IS PURPORTED
TO BE THE THIRD MOST CORRUPTION
LADEN COUNTRY IN THE WORLD PRIOR
TO PRESIDENT ZELENSKY . THE
SECOND CLAIM OF THIS RESOLUTION
IS THE PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTED
CONGRESS. BUT, HE SIMPLY DID
WHAT EVERY OTHER PRESIDENT HAS
DONE. WHAT IS HIS
BIG INFRACTION? HE HAS EXERTED
POLITICAL IMMUNITY TO QUESTION
SUBPOENAS BY ISSUED TO VARIOUS
WHITE HOUSE OF VISUALS. THERE IS
NO EVIDENCE OF IMPEACHABLE
CONDUCT AND THAT AND IT IS
COMMONPLACE. ON EVERY PREVIOUS
ESTERS AND IN THE PAST, WHAT IS
BETWEEN THE BRANCHES HAS BEEN
EASILY AND CALMLY RESOLVED
EITHER BY GOOD FAITH NEGOTIATION
OR A SIMPLE FILING WITH THE
THIRD BRANCH OF OUR GOVERNMENT,
THE JUDICIAL GOVERNMENT.
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS LAWFUL CAUSE
TO CHALLENGE THE SUBPOENAS IN
THESE MATTERS. IN THIS CALLOUS
THEY ARE TRYING TO SUBPOENA
PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR SEEKING
JUDICIAL REVIEW BETWEEN
HIGH-RANKING ADVISORS AND
WHETHER IT SHOULD BE DISCLOSED.
THAT WOULD BE EXPEDITED IN THE
COURTS AND WOULD NOT TAKE LONG.
DEMOCRATS DO NOT HAVE TIME FOR
THAT. WHY? THEY PROMISED
IMPEACHMENT BY CHRISTMAS. IT
SHOULD BE NOTED THAT PRESIDENT
TRUMP HAS CONSISTENTLY
QUESTIONED ABOUT THIS OVERSIGHT
RESPONSIBILITIES.
ADMINISTRATIONS OFFICIALS WITH
20 BEFORE THIS COMMITTEE
. AT THE START OF THE INQUIRY,
THE WHITE HOUSE PRODUCED MORE
THAN 100 PAGES OF DOCUMENTS
>> THERE HAS NEVER BEEN A SINGLE
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS LIKE THE ONE
AGAINST PRESIDENT TRUMP. THEY
ARE SEEKING TO NULLIFY WITH A
SHAM. IT IS TO NOTIFY
FOR DOUGH PROCESS AND ALL THE
REST. MY COLLEAGUE
EVOKED AND QUOTED BARBARA JORDAN
WHO SAID DURING THE WATERGATE
INQUIRY THAT IMPEACHMENT NOT
ONLY MANDATES DUE PROCESS BUT
DUE PROCESS QUADRUPLED. THEY
HAVE VIOLATED THAT HERE. THEY
HAVE VIOLATED THE RULES AND
EVERYONE IN THE COUNTRY CAN SEE.
THE PRESS WILL PAY A HEAVY PRICE
FOR IT. THE PANDORA'S BOX WILL
DO IRREPARABLE INJURY TO OUR
COUNTRY AHEAD. THAT'S MY CONCERN
AND WHY THE FACTS MATTER. I
YELLED BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, I MOVE TO
STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> RECOGNIZED.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, IT'S INCREDIBLE
TO ME THAT THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
AISLE DOES NOT SEE THE FACTS AND
IS APPARENTLY NOT
AWARE OF WHAT IS BEFORE US. IT
IS OBVIOUS TO ME THE PRESIDENT
HAS PUT PERSONAL INTEREST ABOVE
THIS COUNTRY. WITH THAT, I WILL
YIELD BACK TO THE GENTLEMAN FROM
MARYLAND.
>> RHODE ISLAND.
>> I THINK THE GENTLE LADY FOR
YIELDING.
WE HAVE JUST HEARD REPUBLICAN
COLLEAGUES CLAIM THERE IS NO
DEMAND OR CONDITIONALITY FOR
THIS AID.
IT WAS GENERATED BY THE
PRESIDENT'S DEEP DESIRE TO
FERRET OUT CORRUPTION. THAT IS
LAUGHABLE. THE PRESIDENT HAD TWO
PHONE CALLS WITH PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY AND NEVER ONCE UTTERED
THE WORD  CORRUPTION. IT WAS NOT
ABOUT CORRUPTION
. THE REASON WE KNOW THAT IS
BECAUSE THE DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE HAD ALREADY CERTIFIED
THAT STEPS HAD BEEN TAKEN TO
COMBAT CORRUPTION BACK ON MAY 20
THIRD. DESPITE THAT
CERTIFICATION, THAT HOLD
REMAINED IN PLACE. IN FACT, THE
PROFESSIONALS TESTIFIED ABOUT
THEM TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW IT
IS POSSIBLE TO WITHHOLD AID. THE
CERTIFICATION SHOWS NO BASIS
OTHER THAN THE PRESIDENT ORDERED
IT. IT'S NOT ABOUT CORRUPTION.
IT WAS ABOUT EXTRACTING A
COMMITMENT TO ANNOUNCE PUBLICLY.
AN INVESTIGATION INTO MR.
TRUMP'S CHIEF POLITICAL RIVAL,
MR. BIDEN . THE PRESIDENT
SATISFIED HIMSELF AND THIS IS
NONSENSE. IT IS PORTRAYED BY ALL
EVIDENCE COLLECTED. LET ME
REMIND YOU OF IT BECAUSE YOU
APPARENTLY DO NOT REMEMBER. MR.
SANS TESTIFIED UNDER OATH THAT
IT WAS QUID PRO QUO FOR OUR
RAISING THE WHITE HOUSE FOR
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY . RUDY
GIULIANI DEMANDED A PUBLIC
STATEMENT ANNOUNCING THE
INVESTIGATION OF THE
FORMER VICE PRESIDENT. WE KNEW
THIS WAS IMPORTANT TO THE
PRESIDENT. AND ON THE JULY 25
CALL, PRESIDENT ZELENSKY HIMSELF
RECOGNIZED THE CONNECTION
BETWEEN THE MEETING AND
INVESTIGATION. HE SAID, I ALSO
WANT TO THANK YOU FOR YOUR VISIT
TO THE UNITED STATES. WE WILL BE
SERIOUS ABOUT THE CASE AND WORK
ON THE INVESTIGATION. THE
PRESIDENT SPOKE ON THE CALL
ABOUT THE BIDENS AND ABOUT
BURISMA . ULTIMATELY ANNOUNCING
WITH NO EXPLANATION AND EVERYONE
IN THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE
AND THE NATIONAL SECURITY TEAM
RECOMMENDED RELEASE OF THE AID.
AN IMPORTANT ALLY OF THE UNITED
STATES
FACING A WAR WITH THE RUSSIANS
THAT TOOK PART OF THEIR COUNTRY
AND THREATENING TO KILL PEOPLE
IN EASTERN UKRAINE. THE MILITARY
AID WAS A LIFELINE FOR THIS
EMERGING DEMOCRACY. THE ONLY
PEOPLE WHO BENEFITED FROM THIS
SCHEME WAS PRESIDENT TRUMP
AS WELL AS VLADIMIR PUTIN AND
RUSSIA WHO WERE TRYING TO WEAKEN
THE UKRAINIAN'S. THERE WAS A
RECENT ARTICLE THAT CAPTURED
THIS THAT SAID PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY IS FACING  PRESIDENT
PUTIN ALL ALONE. THIS IS RUSSIA
WEAKENING UKRAINE BUT THIS
NOTION THAT THE AID WAS LISTED
BECAUSE OF THE EVIDENCE
COLLECTED IN THE 300 PAGE REPORT
COLLECTED BY THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE. IT WAS RELEASED
BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT GOT CAUGHT
AND THE WHISTLEBLOWER FILED THE
REPORT ALLEGING AN ELABORATE
SCHEME BY THE PRESIDENT THAT
PORTRAYED AND BETRAYED THE
NATIONAL INTEREST OF OUR COUNTRY
. THE PERSONAL INTERESTS OF THE
PRESIDENT AND NOT THE NATIONAL
INTEREST OF OUR COUNTRY. AN
ATTEMPT TO CORRUPT OUR ELECTION
BY DRAGGING AND FOREIGN
INTERFERENCE. IT IS THE HIGHEST
OF HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS.
OUR FRAMERS SPOKE ABOUT THIS
ABUSE OF POWER AND ABUSING THE
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENCY TO
ADVANCE PERSONAL INTEREST AND
UNDERMINE THE PUBLIC.
>> AND MY REMAINING 30 MINUTES.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> I YIELD TO MR. RASKIN.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH. TO FLESH
OUT THE DETAIL OF WHAT THE
GENTLEMAN FROM RHODE ISLAND WAS
WAITING. ONE OF THE DEPOSITIONS
WAS DAVID HOLMAN, A STATE
DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL AT THE U.S.
EMBASSY IN KYIV. HE TESTIFIED A
QUID PRO QUO . HE SAW HIM ON THE
PHONE WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP AND
HE REPORTED AT THAT TIME TO HIM.
HE SAID, THE PRESIDENT DOES A
GIVE A BLANK ABOUT UKRAINE AND
IS INTERESTED IN THE BIG STUFF.
WHAT IS THE BIG STUFF? WHATEVER
WILL BENEFIT HIM. I YIELD BACK.
>> RECOGNITION, THE GENTLEMAN IS
RECOGNIZED
.
>> THANK YOU. LAST NIGHT AND
TODAY WE HAVE HEARD MANY TIMES
FROM MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER
SIDE THAT SAY THE FACTS ON THIS
ARE NOT CONTESTED, YET THEY
REALLY ARE. I JUST WANT TO POINT
OUT HIGHLIGHTED BY MY COLLEAGUE
FROM LOUISIANA A MOMENT AGO. ON
THE TELEPHONE CALL, LISTENING,
OF THE 17 WITNESSES THAT CAME
IN, ONLY THREE ACTUALLY LISTENED
AND ON THE PHONE CALL. BUT EACH
HAVE CONTRADICTORY TESTIMONY.
SO, EVEN THE THREE
WITNESSES THAT HEARD THE CALL
ARE CONFLICTED. WHY IS THAT
IMPORTANT AND WHY DO I BRING
THAT UP? I BRING IT UP BECAUSE
OF THIS. MOST OF MY COLLEAGUES
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE
TAKE EVERY INFERENCE IN THE
LIGHT MOST NEGATIVE TO THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
THAT IS BECAUSE THERE IS
ANIMOSITY THERE MANIFESTED SINCE
2016, THE DAY AFTER HE WAS
ELECTED. SO, HAVING WATCHED THIS
PROCEDURE, MOSTLY ON THE HEELS
OF THE OTHER PROCEDURES AND THE
ATTEMPTS TO IMPEACH THIS
PRESIDENT AND INVESTIGATE. I AM
LEFT WONDERING
. YOU WANT EVERY INFERENCE TO GO
AGAINST THE PRESIDENT, WHY
SHOULD THE AMERICAN PUBLIC GIVE
YOU ANY INFERENCE OF
CREDIBILITY? THE REALITY IS
WHEN MY COLLEAGUE FROM
CALIFORNIA WAS TALKING ABOUT THE
RUSSIAN ISSUE
, NOT A SINGLE AMERICAN WAS
INDICTED FOR CONSPIRING WITH
RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE
ELECTIONS. NOT ONE. IF YOU STILL
BELIEVE THERE WAS COLLUSION WITH
THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
BUT, WHAT ARE THE FACTS GET TO?
WHAT MY COLLEAGUE JUST TALKED
ABOUT THAT THE MONEY WAS
RELEASED, THE AID WAS RELEASED.
AGAIN, HE TAKES THIS INFERENCE
BASED ON A TIMELINE AND HE IS
CITING FRANK HEARSAY.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT? I OVERHEARD A
CONVERSATION WHILE I WAS SITTING
ON THE PATIO AT A RESTAURANT
WITH A LOT OF PEOPLE SITTING
AROUND AND I COULD HEAR
EVERYTHING. I WAS SO CONCERNED
ABOUT IT THAT I DIDN'T TELL
ANYBODY. I CAME IN ONCE THIS GOT
REALLY GOING AND REVVED UP. YOU
WANT TO TAKE EVERY INFERENCE
AGAINST THE PRESIDENT, WHY
SHOULD WE GIVE YOU CREDIBILITY?
THE ONLY DIRECT EVIDENCE IN THIS
CASE REMAINS THE SAME AFTER ALL
OF THIS TIME. NO PRESSURE. NO
PRESSURE ON THE PHONE CALL. MR.
ZELENSKY HAS SAID THAT
REPEATEDLY . ALL DAY LONG HE HAS
SAID NO PRESSURE.
ARE THEY LYING? NO. WE KNOW THE
WHISTLEBLOWER WAS LYING. WE KNOW
THAT
MR.
SCHIFF WAS  LYING WHEN HE SAID
EIGHT TIMES PRESSURE WAS PUT ON
THE UKRAINIANS. NOT TRUE. THERE
WAS NO CONDITIONALITY AND
EVERYONE SAYS THERE IS NO
CONDITIONALITY. EVERYONE
LISTENED. UKRAINE WAS UNAWARE,
SO HOW CAN YOU LEVERAGE?
>> THERE WAS NEVER ANY
INVESTIGATION. WHAT HAPPENED AND
WHAT TRIGGERED IT. YOU HAVE HIGH
RANKING U.S. OFFICIALS GOING TO
YOUR CRANE AND MEETING WITH THEM
AND YOU HAVE THE PRESIDENT OF
UKRAINE SIGNING TO PIECES OF
LEGISLATION REASSIGNING THE
TRIBUNAL AND ASSIGNING IMMUNITY
FROM PROSECUTION OF THE
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH OF UKRAINE.
SIGNIFICANT ANTICORRUPTION
MEASURES WERE THE OF CONVINCING
-- WERE THE --
WORTHY OF CONVINCING THERE WAS A
CHANCE . I YIELD TO MY FRIEND
FROM COLORADO.
>> AMBASSADOR SONDLAND IS YOUR
WITNESS. YOU ARE BASING
IMPEACHMENT ON AMBASSADOR
SONDLAND'S TESTIMONY ?
IN HIS FIRST TESTIMONY, HE SAID
325 TIMES, I DON'T REMEMBER, I
DON'T KNOW, I'M NOT SURE. 325
TIMES. YOU DON'T THINK THAT WHEN
THIS GETS TO THE SENATE THAT HE
IS GOING TO BE IMPEACHED ON ALL
THE THINGS THAT HE DIDN'T
REMEMBER? THEN, HIS TESTIMONY
IS IMPEACHED AND NOT HIS OFFICE.
I SEE THE SMIRK. THEN HE READS
AND HE LISTENS TO WHAT I'M
PASSENGER TALES IS THE DAY
AMBASSADOR -- ABBAS OR TAYLOR
SAYS AND MEMORY IS REFRESHED. I
YIELD BACK.
>> MR. RADCLIFFE SEEKS
RECOGNITION.
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> MOVED AND RECOGNIZED.
>> THANK YOU. I WANT TO RESPOND
TO THE CONGRESSMAN'S COMMENTS
WHEN HE SAID THAT PRESIDENT
TRUMP'S
DEMAND CANNOT BE EXPLAINED BY
CORRUPTION BECAUSE THE WORD
CORRUPTION IS NEVER ANSWERED
ANYWHERE IN THE TRANSCRIPT. THE
PROBLEM WITH THAT IS THAT THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE BUILT A FAKE
IMPEACHMENT SCHEME AROUND AN
ALLEGED DEMAND. WHAT WORD IS NOT
ANYWHERE IN THE TRANSCRIPT? IT
IS DEMAND. NOWHERE DOES THE
PRESIDENT MAKE A DEMAND. THE
WORD DEMAND CAME FROM THE
WHISTLEBLOWER AND THAT'S THE
FIRST TIME WE HEARD THE WORD
DEMAND. HE NOTIFIED THE
INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. HE
THOUGHT HE COULD DO THAT BECAUSE
NO ONE WOULD BE ABLE TO PROVE
BECAUSE WHAT PRESIDENT WOULD
TAKE THE UNPRECEDENTED STEP OF
RELEASING A TRANSCRIPT WITH A
FOREIGN LEADER? THIS PRESIDENT
DID. SOMETHING THE WHISTLEBLOWER
NEVER EXPECT.
PRESIDENT TRUMP, WE KEPT HEARING
, GOT CAUGHT. PRESIDENT TRUMP,
WE KEEP HEARING, IS OBSTRUCTING
JUSTICE. THE PRESIDENT
THAT TOOK THE UNPRECEDENTED STEP
OF RELEASING A TRANSCRIPT SO
EVERYONE COULD SEE THE TRUTH IS
NOT OBSTRUCTING CONGRESS. THE
PRESIDENT DID NOT GET CAUGHT.
THE WHISTLEBLOWER GOT CAUGHT.
THE WHISTLEBLOWER MADE FALSE
STATEMENTS. THE WHISTLEBLOWER
GOT CAUGHT WITH CHAIRMAN SHIFTS.
-- 46
-- CHAIRMAN SCHIFF . THE PERSON
THAT GOT CAUGHT WAS THE
WHISTLEBLOWER. HAVE YOU SPOKEN
DIRECTLY TO THE WHISTLEBLOWER?
NO, WE HAVE NOT. THE PERSON THAT
SAID HE HAD EVIDENCE OF THE
FIRST FAKE IMPEACHMENT SCAM,
COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA HAD
EVIDENCE OF THE COLLUSION AND
THEN DIDN'T HAVE IT. THE PERSON
WHO, IN THE COURSE OF THAT, READ
INTO THE DOCUMENT, THE STEELE
DOSSIER, THAT PEOPLE NEEDED TO
KNOW THE TRUTH. WE HEARD ABOUT
THE
THIS WEEK WHEN THE INSPECTOR
GENERAL SAID IT WAS RUBBISH AND
ALL MADE UP.  YEAH, THAT
CHAIRMAN SCHIFF . NOW HE WAS
CAUGHT NOT BEING TRUTHFUL ABOUT
A WHISTLEBLOWER WHO DID NOT TELL
THE TRUTH VERBALLY AND IN
WRITING. THAT IS IN A TRANSCRIPT
. DO YOU KNOW WHAT WE DID NOT
GET IN THIS ONE WEEK IMPEACHMENT
SUMMARY AND IN THE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE, WE DIDN'T GET THE
TRANSCRIPT. CHAIRMAN SCHIFF DID
NOT SEND IT  OVER. ONLY IF YOU
WERE ON THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE WILL YOU SEE THAT
TRANSCRIPT. I'VE SEEN IT AND I
WOULD LIKE EVERYONE TO SEE IT. I
YIELD TO CONGRESSMAN JORDAN.
>> AND REFERENCING THE GENTLEMAN
FROM ROAD ISLAND. AND MR.
SONDLAND  WHO PRESUMED THERE WAS
A QUID PRO QUO AND FILED AN
ADDENDUM TO THE DEPOSITION
TESTIMONY. IN THE ADDENDUM, HE
SAID HE RECALLED THAT
MR. MORRISON RECALL THAT I
CONVEYED THIS MESSAGE ON
SEPTEMBER 1, 2019 IN CONNECTION
TO THE VICE PRESIDENT'S VISIT TO
WARSAW AND THE CONVERSATION WITH
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY . HERE'S THE
THING,
SOMEHOW THROUGH ALL OF THAT WE
GET THE DEMOCRATS BELIEVING
THERE WAS QUID PRO QUO AND THEY
NEED TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT.
WHAT THEY FORGET IS WHAT MR.
GATES BROUGHT UP A FEW MINUTES
AGO. THEY ARE TALKING AND THIS
IS PART OF THEIR SCHEME. TWO
DAYS AGO, THE GUY WHO STARTED IT
SAID IT DIDN'T HAPPEN AND THAT'S
THEIR GUY.
HE HAD TO FILE HIS ADDENDUM TO
HIS TESTIMONY AND RIGHT THE
SENTENCE TO CLARIFY AND I THINK
THIS IS AMAZING. THIS IS THE
CLARIFICATION. AMBASSADOR TAYLOR
RECALLED IN SEPTEMBER 2019 IN
THE MEETING WITH PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY . HE IS THE KEY HERE IN
TIME MAGAZINE JUST REPORTED IT
DID NOT HAPPEN. THE SAME DAY
THAT ESTHER GATES SAID YOU FILED
YOUR ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT.
HOLY COW, THIS IS WHAT IT COMES
TO? I YIELD BACK.
>> I YIELD BACK
.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, I MOVE TO
STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> FOR WHAT PURPOSE?
>> MR. CHAIR, I MOVED TO STRIKE
THE LAST WORD?
>> THE LADY IS RECOGNIZED.
>> LET ME JUST SAY THAT I HAVE
BEEN PRETTY SHOCKED AND
DISAPPOINTED WITH MY COLLEAGUES
ON THE OTHER SIDE. THERE HAVE
BEEN SO MANY THINGS THAT HAVE
BEEN SAID LIKE THE PRESIDENT
NEVER USED THE WORD DEMAND. I
CAN TELL YOU THIS. WHEN A ROBBER
POINT A GUN AT YOU TO TAKE YOUR
MONEY, THEY USUALLY DON'T WALK
UP AND SAY, I'M ROBBING YOU
RIGHT NOW. THE OTHER ARGUMENT WE
HAVE HEARD THIS MORNING IS THAT
THE AIDE WAS RELEASED
, IT WAS EVENTUALLY RELEASED AND
THERE WAS NO INVESTIGATION OR AN
ANNOUNCEMENT OF AN
INVESTIGATION. BUT THE AIDE WAS
RELEASED BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT
GOT CAUGHT. IT WAS RELEASED
AFTER THE WHISTLEBLOWER'S
COMPLAINT. IT WAS RELEASED AFTER
PUBLIC REPORTS THE AIDE WAS
BEING WITHHELD BECAUSE UKRAINE
WAS BEING COERCED INTO DOING AN
INVESTIGATION. AND, CONGRESS HAD
INITIATED CONGRESSIONAL AND BEST
OCCASIONS INTO WHY THE AIDE WAS
BEING RELEASED. YOU KNOW, WE CAN
TALK ABOUT THE EFFECTS ALL DAY
LONG, BUT THE EFFECTS ARE PRETTY
CLEAR.
THE PRESIDENT ABUSED HIS POWER,
THE PRECIOUS POWER OF HIS OFFICE
TO COERCE A COUNTRY DEPENDENT ON
US. A COUNTRY WHO IS FIGHTING
RUSSIAN AGGRESSION BECAUSE WHEN
UKRAINE FIGHTS AGGRESSION, THEY
ARE HELPING US FIGHT THE RUSSIAN
AGGRESSION AND HE DID IT FOR
PERSONAL GAIN ANY HE SHOULD BE
HELD ACCOUNTABLE. MR. CHAIR, I
YIELD BACK.
>> THE LADY YIELDS BACK.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, I HAVE A
QUESTION.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THANK YOU MR. CHAIRMAN. THERE
IS RECOMMEND -- THERE IS
INFORMATION ABOUT CORRESPONDENCE
AND A SUBPOENA SERVED BY
CHAIRMAN SCHIFF .
>> WE RESIDE -- REVERSE THE
RIGHT TO OBJECT.
>> I HAVE OTHERS.
>> THOSE CITED OCTOBER 15 AND
DECEMBER 11.
OFFERS TO WORK WITH CONGRESS
WITH LEGITIMATE OVERSIGHT
AUTHORITIES. THERE WERE
INACCURACIES IN THE REPORT.
CONTRARY TO THE ASSERTION --
>> ARE THESE PUBLIC
CORRESPONDENCE?
>> IT IS CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN
THE VICE PRESIDENT.
>> WHAT PURPOSES?
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> THE GENTLE LADY IS
RECOGNIZED.
>> I YIELD.
>> THANK YOU. I THINK YOU NEED
TO REMEMBER THAT THE ABUSE OF
POWER IS COMING FROM THE QUID
PRO QUO CHARGE WHICH THEN
MORPHED INTO BRIBERY. THE
PROBLEM IS THAT MY COLLEAGUES
CANNOT MAKE OUT THE CASE WHICH
MEANS THE ELEMENTS ARE NOT
SUPPORTED BY THE FACT. LET'S GO
BACK AND LOOK AT THE FEDERAL
STATUTE FOR BRIBERY. THE
ELEMENTS ARE AS FOLLOWS. WHOEVER
BEING A PUBLIC OFFICIAL
CORRUPTLY OF DEMANDS OR RECEIVES
PERSONALLY ANYTHING OF VALUE IN
RETURN FOR BEING AN INFLUENCE IN
THE PERFORMANCE OF AN OFFICIAL
ACT. WE CAN TEAR APART EACH OF
THESE ELEMENTS, BUT LET ME FOCUS
ON CORRUPT.
THE PRESIDENT DID NOT HAVE
CORRUPT INTENT AND THAT'S WHY
THE DEMOCRATS CANNOT MAKE OUT A
CASE. PRIOR TO THE JULY 25 CALL,
THE PRESIDENT WAS NOT ASKING
UKRAINE TO QUOTE UNQUOTE MAKEUP
DIRT ON MY OPPONENT. FOR
WHATEVER REASON, THAT IS BEING
MISSED. THERE WAS ALSO
SIGNIFICANT REASON TO BELIEVE
THE BUTTONS WERE INVOLVED IN
CORRUPTION AND THERE IS EVIDENCE
THAT UKRAINIAN OFFICIALS
COLLUDED WITH DEMOCRATS IN THE
2016 CAMPAIGN. THERE IS A LOT
BEING TALKED ABOUT WITH THE
CONSPIRACY THEORY BUT THEY ALL
REPORTED ON THIS. FOR WHATEVER
REASON, NOW IT IS LABELED A
CONSPIRACY THEORY. ALSO THE
PRESIDENT WAS NOT SEEKING TO
HELP WITH THE 2020 CAMPAIGN BUT
WAS SEEKING ACCOUNTABILITY
REGARDING THE UKRAINE DEMOCRAT
COLLUSION AND 2016 AND ALSO
POTENTIAL CORRUPTION IN THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION'S DEALINGS
WITH UKRAINE AS WELL. WE HAVE TO
REMEMBER TOO WHAT PROFESSOR
TURLEY SAID. PROFESSOR TURLEY
VOTED FOR HILLARY CLINTON AND IS
NOT A TRUMP SUPPORTER AND HE WAS
IMPARTIAL. I QUOTE THE
PROFESSOR. PRESIDENT TRUMP DID
NOT STATE A QUID PRO QUO IN THE
CALL. HE IS USING THE STATEMENT
TO PROMPT THE UKRAINIANS TO
COOPERATE
. PRESIDENT TRUMP BELIEVE THERE
WAS A CORRUPT AGREEMENT WITH
HUNTER BIDEN THAT WAS NOT FULLY
INVESTIGATED BY THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION, THE REQUEST FOR
INVESTIGATION IS NOT CORRUPT.
AGAIN, QUOTING PROFESSOR TURLEY.
I WOULD ALSO LIKE TO QUOTE THE
MUELLER REPORT. AS AN ASIDE, WE
NEED TO REMEMBER MONTHS AGO THE
MOTHER CAME HERE AND SAID THERE
WAS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR
OF OBSTRUCTION. AGAIN, WE ARE
BACK HERE. LET ME GO TO THE
MUELLER REPORT.
THERE WAS DISCUSSION OF
CORRUPTION IN THE REPORT AS IT
PERTAINED TO OBSTRUCTION OF
JUSTICE. IT WAS SAYING THAT
CORRUPTLY MEANS ACTING WITH
AN IMPROPER MOTIVE OR WITH
INTENT TO ATTAIN AN IMPROPER
ADVANTAGE FOR HIMSELF OR SOMEONE
ELSE INCONSISTENT WITH THE
OFFICIAL DUTY ON THE RIGHTS OF
OTHERS. BY THAT STANDARD, BY
MUELLER POPA'S OWN STANDARD, THE
PRESIDENT'S BEHAVIOR IS
INCONSISTENT WITH THE DEFINITION
OF THE UNDERLYING STATUTE. WITH
THAT, I YIELD BACK TO MY FRIEND
AND COLLEAGUE FROM ALABAMA.
>> I YIELD THE REMAINDER OF MY
TIME TO THE GENTLEMAN FROM
TEXAS.
>> THANK YOU MY FRIEND, SO MUCH.
FIRST OF ALL, I WAS ASTOUNDED,
HAVING BEEN A PROSECUTOR AND
HAVING DEFENDED CASES. I'VE BEEN
A JUDGE AND I'VE SINCE A LOT OF
PEOPLE TO PRISON. I HAVE NEVER
SENT SOMEONE TO PRISON WHERE THE
VICTIM DID NOT KNOW OR FIGURE
OUT THEY WERE A VICTIM. THAT IS
EXTRAORDINARY TO HEAR. THAT YOU
CAN COMMIT A CRIME LIKE BRIBERY
OR THEFT AND THE VICTIM NEVER
NOS  OR FIGURES OUT
. I'VE NEVER SENT ANYBODY TO
PRISON WHEN THE VICTIM DID NOT
KNOW THEY WERE A VICTIM. THERE
MR. ROBY
.
>> I LET IT GO.
>> I YIELD TO MR. COLLINS TIERS
ALL RIGHT, THERE IS ALSO
PROBABLY NOBODY ON THIS
COMMITTEE THAT HAS FOLLOWED WHAT
HAS HAPPENED OVER TIME IN
UKRAINE MORE THAN I HAVE. THERE
IS NO QUESTION THAT PUTIN WANTS
THE OLD SOVIET EMPIRE BACK .
WHAT HAPPENED WHEN PRESIDENT
BUSH WAS IN OFFICE WAS THAT
PUTIN HAD RUSSIA INVADE GEORGIA
. PRESIDENT BUSH REACTED
STRONGLY AND PUT SANCTIONS IN
PLACE. SO, WHAT HAPPENED WHEN
PRESIDENT OBAMA TOOK OFFICE AND
CLINTON WAS IN OFFICE? THEY WENT
OVER WITH A RED PLASTIC RESET
BUTTON AND THE MESSAGE WAS CLEAR
TO PUTIN . LOOK, BUSH
OVERREACTED WHEN YOU INVADED
GEORGIA AND SO YOU CAN INVADE
UKRAINE AND WE ARE OKAY. THAT
MAY NOT BE WHAT THEY INTENDED,
BUT THAT'S WHAT PUTIN HEARD AND
THEY INVADED UKRAINE, CRIMEA
AND EUROPE IS UPSET AT TRUMP?
FOR HEAVEN SAKE.
>> THE GENTLE LADY'S TIME IS
EXPIRED. AND RECOGNIZING.
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> RECOGNIZED.
>> AND MOVING
SONDLAND AS AMBASSADOR TO THE EU
WHICH IS PRESIDENT TRUMP'S PICK.
HE CONTRIBUTED MONEY TO THE
TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND BECAME
AMBASSADOR TO THE EU. THEY DON'T
LIKE HIM NOW BECAUSE HE
CLARIFIED HIS TESTIMONY TO SAY,
YES, THERE WAS DEFINITELY QUIT
PRO QUOTE AT THE HEART OF THIS
WHOLE THING. OF COURSE, THEY
TURN ON THE PRESIDENT'S OWN
AMBASSADOR. WE DON'T HAVE TO
RELY ON HIS WORD. I MENTIONED
THIS BEFORE BECAUSE
HE HAD LUNCH WITH DAVID HOLMES,
THE SENIOR STATE DEPARTMENT
OFFICIAL AT THE U.S. EMBASSY IN
KYIV. THEY WENT TO A RESTAURANT
AND AMBASSADOR SONDLAND GOT
PRESIDENT TRUMP ON THE PHONE .
AFTERWARDS
, AND HOLMES COULD HEAR THE
CONVERSATION. THIS IS ALL
UNCONTRADICTED BY OTHER
WITNESSES WHO WERE THERE. AND
ESSENTIALLY THE AMBASSADOR SAID
TO HIM, YOU KNOW,
ZELENSKY LOVES YOUR AND YOU WILL
GET  EXACTLY WHAT YOU WANT FROM
HIM. AND
HOLMES SAID, WHAT CAN WE GET? HE
SAID, IT'S THE BIG STUFF. HOLMES
SAID, DO YOU MEAN THE WAR BY THE
BIG STUFF?
AND HE SAID, NO, WHAT MR. TRUMP
CARES ABOUT. I DON'T HAVE
THE VERBATIM IN FRONT OF ME, BUT
THE SUBSTANCE IS CLEAR. WHAT CAN
BENEFIT HIM, LIKE THE BIDENS. IT
WAS EXACTLY WHAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
WANTED TO GET FROM PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY. HE WANTED A STATEMENT
ON TELEVISION THAT UKRAINE WAS
INVESTIGATING AND IS GOING TO
INVESTIGATE VP JOE BIDEN. HE
WANTED A STATEMENT CONTRADICTING
THE 2016 UNDERSTANDING BY OUR
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE AND BY
SPECIAL COUNCIL  MUELLER THAT
THERE HAD BEEN INTERFERENCE IN
SAYING THAT UKRAINE INTERFERED.
THAT'S WHAT HE WANTED AND THAT
WAS THE BIG STUFF. HE DID NOT
CARE ABOUT THE RUSSIAN WAR ON
THE PEOPLE OF UKRAINE. HE DID
NOT CARE ABOUT CORRUPTION. THEY
INVITE US TO BELIEVE THAT DONALD
TRUMP IS AN ANTI-CORRUPTION CREW
SHADER. HE WAS SHAKING DOWN
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY AND HE
DOESN'T RAISE CORRUPTION ON THE
CALL EXCEPT FOR WHAT HE BELIEVED
WAS GOING ON WITH THE BIDENS.
EXCEPT THAT HE REDUCED
ANTICORRUPTION FUNDING FOR
UKRAINE AND HE DOESN'T RAISE IT
ANYWHERE ELSE THAT WE CAN FIND
IT. YOU PICK UP THE NEW YORK
TIMES YESTERDAY AND PRESIDENT
TRUMP HAD TO PAY $2 MILLION TO
CHARITIES BECAUSE HE RIPPED OFF
HIS OWN CHARITY FOR MILLIONS OF
DOLLARS. THIS IS THE
ANTICORRUPTION CRUSADER THEY
WANT US TO BELIEVE IN. THE GUY
WHO PAID MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
WHICH THE ATTORNEY JOURNAL OF
NEW YORK CALLED A CLASSIC BAIT
AND SWITCH OPERATION. THIS IS
THE GUY THEY WANTED US TO
BELIEVE WAS SHAKING DOWN THE
PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE
BECAUSE THEY BELIEVED HE HAD A
SECRET ANTI-TRUMP AGENDA THAT
WASN'T RELATED TO THE BIDENS OR
RELATED TO REHABILITATING THE
TOTALLY DISCREDITED RUSSIAN
CONSPIRACY THEORY
. THAT IT WAS UKRAINE AND NOT
RUSSIA THAT INTERFERED IN OUR
CAMPAIGN IN 2016. COME ON. GET
REAL. BE SERIOUS. WE KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED HERE WITH
17 WITNESSES. IT IS
UNCONTRADICTED AND THERE IS NO
RIVAL STORY. NO RIVAL STORY AT
ALL. OUR COLLEAGUES WILL NOT
EVEN TELL US WHETHER IN THEORY
THEY THINK IT WOULD BE WRONG FOR
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES TO SHAKE DOWN FOREIGN
GOVERNMENTS AND TO GET INVOLVED
IN OUR PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGNS IN
ORDER TO HARM THE PRESIDENT'S
POLITICAL OPPONENTS. THEY WON'T
EVEN TELL US IN PRINCIPLE
WHETHER THEY THINK IT IS WRONG
BECAUSE AT THAT POINT IT IS TOO
DANGEROUS. WE KNOW THEY DON'T
ACCEPT THE FACTS OR THE EVIDENCE
AND THEY DON'T LIKE THE FACT
THAT THE DEPOSITIONS TOOK PLACE
IN THE BASEMENT. WHERE SHOULD
THEY HAVE BEEN? THE FIRST FLOOR
OR THE SECOND FLOOR? IF WE FOUND
ANOTHER ROOM, WOULD THAT BE ALL
RIGHT? I WAS IN THAT ROOM AND
THERE WERE DEMOCRATS AND THERE
WERE REPUBLICANS. THE DEMOCRATIC
COUNCIL GOT ONE HOUR  AND THE
REPUBLICAN COUNCIL GOT ONE HOUR
AND IT WAS ON BOTH SIDES. ENOUGH
OF THESE PHONY OBJECTIONS. LET'S
GET BACK TO THE FACTS OF WHAT
HAPPENED. THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES SHOULD DOWN A
FOREIGN POWER TO GET INVOLVED IN
OUR ELECTION. THAT IS WRONG. I
YIELD BACK.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN.
>> YIELDS BACK.
>> TO WHAT PURPOSES DO YOU SEEK
RECOGNITION?
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE LAST WORD.
>>
THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THERE IS MENTIONING A LOT
ABOUT DAVID HOLMES
. FOR A GUY WHO HEARD PART OF
ONE HALF OF A THREE-MINUTE PHONE
CALL. HE HAD A 40 MINUTE OPENING
STATEMENT.  SONDLAND
TESTIFIED THAT BIDEN WAS NEVER
LINKED IN HIS MIND UNTIL THE
TRANSCRIPT WAS RELEASED AT THE
END OF AUGUST . THE DEMOCRATIC
REPORT AND NOT THE REPUBLICAN
REPORT, THE DEMOCRATIC REPORT
DOES NOT ESTABLISH A LINK
BETWEEN THE INVESTIGATION FOR
HIS POLITICAL BENEFIT. ONLY
DEMOCRATS RELYING ON THAT
INVESTIGATION AS AMBASSADOR
SONDLAND'S TESTIMONY. THEY LEAVE
OUT CRUCIAL PARTS OF THE
TESTIMONY WHICH IS AFTER BEING
QUESTIONED  THAT HE ONLY
PRESUMED TO THE LINKAGE. IN
FACT, HE ADMITTED IN HIS PUBLIC
TESTIMONY THAT NO ONE IN THE
WORLD TOLD HIM THERE WAS ANY
LANGUAGE. THIS WAS THE BASIC
BASIS FOR THE DEMOCRATS. I WANT
TO GO FURTHER ABOUT WHY WE
SHOULD ACCEPT THE AMENDMENT. A
DEMOCRATIC SENATOR WAS SAY
NEVER, IN MY VIEW, HAD AMERICAN
BEEN LED BY SUCH A DANGEROUS
HEAD OF STATE. HE BEMOANED THAT
AMERICA WAS LED BY A RECKLESS
AND ARROGANT PRESIDENT.
THAT WAS SENATOR ROBERT BYRD
FROM WEST VIRGINIA DESCRIBING
GEORGE W. BUSH.
RONALD REAGAN WAS ACCUSED OF
ABUSE OF POWER FOR PUSHING A
GROWTH-BASED ECONOMIC AGENDA.
FOR COMMITTING TROOPS TO LEBANON
OR FOR TURNING BACK THE
SANDINISTAS AND IN NICARAGUA.
CLINTON, EXCLUDING THE
IMPEACHMENT, WAS ACCUSED OF
ABUSIVE ACCUSATIONS FOR AN ASIAN
FUNDRAISING.
AID TO GIVING SWEETHEART
APPOINTMENTS AND USE OF THE FBI
TO DIG UP DIRT ON POLITICAL
EMPLOYEES AS WELL AS WACO AND A
SWEDISH SLUSH FUND. GEORGE W.
BUSH WAS ACCUSED FOR DOMESTIC
SPYING AND ENERGY TASK FORCE
CONTROVERSY. THE PRESIDENTIAL
RECORDS THAT, TARIFFS, THE IRAQ
WAR AND NSA OVERREACH. OBAMA'S
IRS ENGAGED IN
TARGETING CHARITABLE GROUPS.
FAST AND FURIOUS GUNRUNNING
SCANDAL THAN COLLECTING PHONE
RECORDS ON AP JOURNALISTS
WITHOUT A RECORD WARRANT. AND
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
. THE PROBLEM WE ARE RUNNING
INTO, WHICH IS GOING TO LAST
LONGER THAN TODAY AND FAR LONGER
IN THIS CONGRESS IS THAT THIS
WILL BECOME THE NEW NORMAL.
EVERY ONE OF THOSE THINGS THAT I
MENTIONED HAVE REPORTS WRITTEN
ABOUT THEM AND THEY PROBABLY HAD
ELECTION CONSEQUENCES. THERE
WERE HEARINGS HELD BUT THEY DID
NOT HAVE A NEBULOUS AND
AMBIGUOUS CHARGE OF POWER. IF
YOU CANNOT PROVE AN UNDERLYING
CRYING, YOU DON'T GET TO USE ALL
THE EVIDENCE YOU ARE PRESENTING.
THIS WILL CONTINUE AND THIS WILL
MOVE FORWARD AND THE HISTORY OF
OUR COUNTRY, THE PARTY NOT IN
THE WHITE HOUSE HAS ACCUSED THE
WHITE HOUSE OF POWER. IT STARTED
200 YEARS AGO AND WILL CONTINUE
INTO THE FUTURE.
CONGRATULATIONS, NOW IT WILL BE
IMPEACHMENT EVERY TIME ONE PARTY
CONTROLS THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES AND THE OTHER
PARTY IS IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
WITH THAT, I YIELD MY FRIEND
FROM LOUISIANA.
>> I THINK MY FRIEND. FOR THE
LAST TWO HOURS WE HAVE BEEN
TALKING ABOUT THIS AMENDMENT
THAT MR. JORDAN BROUGHT TO
STRIKE ARTICLE 1 OF THE
RESOLUTION. IT'S NOT WORTH THE
PAPER IT IS WRITTEN ON. ARTICLE
4 OF THE CONSTITUTION GIVES US
THE POWER TO IMPEACH THE
PRESIDENT. YOU HAVE TO HAVE
TREASON, BRIBERY OR A HIGH CRIME
OR MISDEMEANOR. YOU HAVE
DEVOLVED THIS TO AN ABUSE OF
POWER ALLEGATION WHICH IS
CERTAINLY NOT A HIGH CRIME
. TO SUMMARIZE, IF YOU GET LOST
IN THE ARGUMENTS AT HOME, HERE'S
WHAT IT COMES DOWN TO. IN THE
243 YEAR HISTORY OF THE COUNTRY,
THERE HAVE ALWAYS BEEN TO
PRESIDENTS IMPEACHED BY A VOTE
OF THE HOUSE AND THOSE ARE
ANDREW JOHNSON AND BILL CLINTON.
AND THEN NIXON IMPEACHMENT
INVESTIGATION, EVIDENCE CLEARLY
ESTABLISH THAT CRIMINAL ACTS
WERE COMMITTED
. EVIDENCE CLEARLY ESTABLISH
THAT SPECIFIC CRIMINAL ACTS WERE
COMMITTED. YOU GUYS DON'T HAVE
IT HERE AND THEY KNOW IT AND YOU
KNOW IT
. IT'S NOT AN ARTICLE 1 OR
ARTICLE 2 AND IN NOTHING THAT
HAS BEEN SAID HERE IN THE LAST
TWO HOURS. THE FACTS DO NOT
CHANGE. THIS IS AN UNPRECEDENTED
SINGLE PARTY IMPEACHMENT
CHARADE. EVERYBODY AT HOME CAN
SEE THAT CLEARLY. THESE THINGS
DON'T CHANGE AND THEY WON'T. I
YIELD BACK TO MY FRIEND.
>> MR. ARMSTRONG.
>>
I YIELD TO MY FRIEND FROM
FLORIDA.
>> I THINK THE GENTLEMAN FOR
YIELDING. NO EVIDENCE.
NO ONE FELT THERE WAS A
CONNECTION BETWEEN U.S. MILITARY
AID IN THE REQUEST FOR
INVESTIGATIONS
. THE EARMARK WAS ADEQUATE AND
WE NEVER HAD THE FEELING THIS
WILL AID WAS CONNECTED TO A
SPECIFIC ISSUE. MR. CHAIRMAN, I
SEEK UNANIMOUS CONSENT TO ENTER
THE TIME ARTICLE INTO THE
RECORD.
>> THE ARTICLE WILL BE ENTERED.
>> MR. COHEN SEEKS RECOGNITION.
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> RECOGNIZED.
>> I TOOK THEATER AND DRAMA IN
COLLEGE AND I WAS TOLD THE FIRST
THING YOU HAVE TO DO IS TO HAVE
THE WILLING SUSPENSION OF
DISBELIEF. THE REPUBLICANS
OBVIOUSLY TOOK THE COURSE OVER
AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
I MEAN, THEY ARE THE FIFTH
AVENUE CROWD. THEY HAVE TALKED
ABOUT SONDLAND . THAT IS THE MAN
THE PRESIDENT AND POINTED AS HIS
AMBASSADOR TO THE EU. THAT IS
THE MAN HE SAYS IS A GREAT GUY
AND THE MAN WHO IS STILL
EMPLOYED. SONDLAND HAS SAID THEY
WERE ALL IN THE LOOP . POMPEO,
GIULIANI, MULVANEY, THEY WERE
ALL IN THE LOOP. IT WAS ALL
ABOUT THE QUID PRO QUO. IT WAS
ABOUT HAVING AN INVESTIGATION
ANNOUNCED ON CNN AND THEN YOU
GET THE MILITARY AID. AND
SONDLAND TOLD IN WARSAW TO
PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY THAT YOU HAVE TO
ANNOUNCE THE INVESTIGATION. IT
WAS A STRONG ARM . THEY DID IT.
AND WHERE DO WE GET THESE PEOPLE
IN THE LOOP TO TESTIFY. THE
PRESIDENT SAYS NO, HE WON'T LET
THEM TESTIFY BECAUSE HE NOS  IF
THEY TELL THE TRUTH  THAT IT
WILL HURT HIS CASE BECAUSE THEY
KNOW THAT THEY HELD UP THE
MILITARY AID. PRESIDENT ZELENSKY
HAS NO CHOICE . HE NEEDS AMERICA
TO PROTECT HIMSELF FROM RUSSIA.
THEY SAY HE HASN'T SAID THAT HE
FELT PRESSURED. A, HE IS AN
ACTOR AND B, HE'S A POLITICIAN
AND HE DEPENDS ON US. HE HAS NO
CHOICE. HE CAN SAY THAT. HE KNEW
THE AID WAS BEING WITHHELD. HE
KNEW IT JULY 25 AND THERE WERE
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE EMBASSY
. THERE WAS NO QUID PRO QUO FROM
SONDLAND . HE KNEW THAT
THE WHISTLEBLOWER HAD COME
FORWARD AND HE KNEW THE JIG WAS
UP. HE NEEDED TO FIND SOMETHING
TO SAY IN THE RECORD. THEIR BEST
WITNESS, THEY TALK ABOUT THE
THREE PROFESSORS, THE THREE MOST
RESPECTED PROFESSORS IN AMERICA
AND THEY ALL SAID THIS IS THE
MOST IMPEACHABLE PRESIDENT. HIS
ABUSE OF POWER IS ONE OF THE
MOST SERIOUS OFFENSES YOU CAN
IMAGINE. IT'S THE CONSTITUTION
AND THE LAW OF THE LAND. IF YOU
ABUSE YOUR POWER, THAT IS THE
MOST IMPEACHABLE CRIME YOU CAN
BE CHARGED WITH. THEY FORGET
THEIR WITNESS SAID THAT WHAT THE
PRESIDENT DID WAS WRONG. HE DID
NOT COME IN AND GIVE A CLEAN
BILL OF HEALTH. HE SAID, YOU
NEED MORE INFORMATION AND YOU
NEED MORE PROOF. YOU CANNOT GET
THE PROOF BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT
WILL NOT ALLOW HIS MEN
TO TESTIFY. ONE IS WRITING A
BOOK AND THE OTHER IS IN AN
INTERIM JOB. THE OTHER ONE IS
RUNNING FOR SENATOR. THEY CAN'T
DO IT. THE PROOF IS THERE AND
THIS IS THE MOST ABUSIVE ACT WE
CAN IMAGINE. TRYING TO INFLUENCE
ELECTIONS WITH FOREIGN
INTERFERENCE THAT TAKES POWER
AWAY FROM THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
THAT WOULD END OUR COUNTRY AS WE
KNOW IT. A DEMOCRACY AND A
SHINING CITY ON THE HILL AND A
BEACON OF HOPE FROM AROUND THE
WORLD WHO LOOK AT A GOVERNMENT
WHO GIVES PEOPLE THE POWER AND
NOT KINGS.
THIS IS A MAN WHO THINKS HE CAN
DO WHATEVER HE WANTS. ARTICLE 2
SAYS, I CAN DO WHATEVER I WANT,
I'M PRESIDENT. THAT'S NOT RIGHT.
WHEN HE SAYS, I NEED A FAVOR, HE
WAS TALKING ABOUT GETTING DIRT
ON THE BIDENS. HE FEARS JOE
BIDEN AS HIS PRIMARY POLITICAL
RIVAL. MICHAEL COHEN DOESN'T SAY
WHAT HE WANTS AND HE SPEAKS IN
CODE. THAT IS THE PRESIDENT'S
CODE.  MICHAEL COHEN NOS  IT
AND IS IN PRISON NOW. INDIVIDUAL
1 IS NOT IN PRISON NOW BECAUSE
INDIVIDUAL 1 COULD NOT BEAT
INDICTED BECAUSE OF THE JUSTICE
DEPARTMENT'S POLICY THAT YOU
CANNOT INDICT A SITTING
PRESIDENT. MICHAEL COHEN IS IN
PRISON BECAUSE HE FACILITATED
PAYMENTS TO MS. DANIELS AND MS.
McDOUGALL
. THE ABUSE OF POWER IS HAVING A
TERRIBLE FOUNDATION IN TAKING
ADVANTAGE OF CHARITIES AND USING
MONEY FOR YOUR OWN PURPOSES AND
HAVING TO PAY A $2 MILLION FINE
AND NOT BEING ALLOWED ON A BOARD
EVER AGAIN BECAUSE YOU DON'T
HAVE THE CHARACTER TO BE OVER A
CHARITABLE FOUNDATION
. ABUSE OF POWER IS RIPPING OFF
THE PEOPLE AT TRUMP UNIVERSITY
AND PAYING $25 MILLION. I YIELD
BACK THE BALANCE OF MY TIME.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> GENTLEMAN RECOGNIZED
.
>> I'M NOT GOING TO GO INTO WHY
I DON'T SEE REMARKS FROM THE
GENTLEMAN FROM TENNESSEE IN
THESE ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT. I
DO WANT TO SAY I'M A LITTLE
INCREDULOUS AS A PROSECUTOR. I'M
AMAZED AT WHAT THE MAJORITY ARE
CALLING FAX. THEY KEEP TALKING
ABOUT THE EVIDENCE. WELL, THE
EVIDENCE IS IN DISPUTE BECAUSE
IT IS BASED UPON HEARSAY,
OPINION AND SPECULATION. THESE
ARE NOT FACTS , IT IS TESTIMONY
ABOUT WHAT SOMEONE CONCLUDED
FROM ACTS TAKEN BY MEMBERS OF
THE ADMINISTRATION. THE CHARGE
IS ABUSE OF POWER BUT WHAT THE
MAJORITY IS REALLY UPSET ABOUT
IS THE FACT THAT THE PRESIDENT
AND THE ADMINISTRATION IS
EXERCISING ITS POWER UNDER THE
CONSTITUTION. ITS AUTHORIZED
POWERS. FOR EXAMPLE, THE
PRESIDENT'S AUTHORITY TO SET
FOREIGN POLICY AND FIRE, FOR
EXAMPLE, AN AMBASSADOR. IT IS
NOT A SMEAR ON A OFFICIAL, IT IS
THE USE OF ARTICLE 2, SECTION 2
OF THE CONSTITUTION. THE
PRESIDENT IS AUTHORIZED BY
STATUTE TO PUT A STOP ON THE
DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS. THE
PRESIDENT IS INSTRUCTED IN THE
NDAA TO ASK FOR  INFORMATION
FROM UKRAINE.
YOU HAVE THE FACT THEY WERE ON
THE CALL AND THE TRANSCRIPT
SPEAKS FOR ITSELF. YOU HAVE
OPINIONS AND CONCLUSIONS AFTER
THAT
. WHEN IT COMES TO ACTUAL
TESTIMONY THAT HAS NOT BEEN
HEARD, IT JUST SHOWS THE
MAJORITY DOESN'T HAVE INTEREST
IN GETTING TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS
QUESTION BECAUSE IF THEY DID
CARE ABOUT ACTUALLY FINDING OUT
ABOUT FACTS, THEY WOULD BE
CALLING HIM BACK INTO THIS
COMMITTEE IN DELAYING THIS
PROCESS. WHAT WE HAVE READ FROM
THIS ARTICLE IN TIME MAGAZINE IS
INCREDIBLE. IT IS EXCULPATORY
AND QUITE FRANKLY A BOMBSHELL.
WHEN YOU HAVE SPECIFIC REJECTION
OF CLAIMS MADE BY AMBASSADOR
SONDLAND THAT AID WOULD NOT BE
RELEASED  UNLESS INVESTIGATION
WERE LOST. WHY IS HE NOT HERE?
IT WAS STATED WE NEVER HAD THAT
FEELING AND WE HAVE A UNDERSTAND
THE AID HAD BEEN FROZEN. WE WERE
TOLD THEY WOULD FIGURE IT OUT
AND AFTER A CERTAIN TIME IT WAS
UNFROZEN. IT WASN'T CONNECTED TO
ANY SPECIFIC ISSUE. IF YOU
IGNORE THIS EVIDENCE AND YOU ARE
IN A COURT CASE, YOU WOULD LOSE
YOUR LAW LICENSE FOR ALLOWING A
CASE TO GO FORWARD WITHOUT THIS
EXCULPATORY EVIDENCE PROVIDED TO
THE DEFENSE.
>> IT IS SO RIDICULOUS TO ME
THAT WE ARE NOT TAKING TIME TO
LOOK FURTHER INTO THAT. WITH
THAT, I WANT TO YIELD TO MR.
COLLINS.
>> [ CAPTIONERS TRANSITIONING ]
.
>>
AND CALL IT ABUSE OF POWER
BECAUSE THEY DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
ELSE TO GIVE, THEY DON'T HAVE AN
ACTUAL CRIME BECAUSE IF THEY DID
, IF YOU HAVE THE CRIME, IF YOU
HAD IT YOU WOULD'VE PUT IT IN
THE ARTICLES YOU DIDN'T DO IT.
BUT THE LAST THING THAT'S
AMAZING TO ME AND THE GENTLEMAN
FROM TENNESSEE SENATE, HE CALLED
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY A POLITICIAN
AND AN ACTOR  IN A DERISIVE WAY.
BASICALLY
IMPLYING THAT POLITICIANS LIE,
EVEN BETWEEN THAT THIS MORNING,
AND HE IS AN ACTOR. IT'S AMAZING
TO ME HOW WE IN THIS COMMITTEE
ARE AGGREGATING
MR. ZELENSKY IN THE EYES OF HIS
COUNTRY IN THE WORLD BECAUSE WE
CAN'T MAKE A CASE AGAINST THIS
PRESIDENT. THIS IS THE TRAGEDY
OF THIS IMPEACHMENT RIGHT NOW.
THEY CAN'T MAKE THE FACT THAT HE
FELT PRESSURE, THAT THE CRITICAL
ELEMENT OF THE CASE.
>> WHO IS SEEKING RECOGNITION?
THE MAC
>> I WOULD LIKE UNANIMOUS
REQUEST TO INTRODUCE THE USA
TODAY, THE CALLS FOR IMPEACHMENT
OF THE PRESIDENT, FROM THE
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER AND THE
BOSTON GLOBE --
>> I WANT TO READ IT.
>> THE OBJECTION IS HEARD.
>> I WOULD LOVE FOR HIM TO READ
IT. FEMALE
>>
DOES ANYONE ELSE SEEK
RECOGNITION OF THIS AMENDMENT?
WHAT PURPOSE?
>> MOVE TO STRIKE LAST WORD.
>> THE FACT THAT MEMBERS OF THIS
COMMITTEE WOULD INSULATE THAT
UKRAINIANS GOT IN THE HAND OF
RUSSIANS IS -- HAVING SERVED IN
THE COMBAT
THEATER, TO BLAME THE AIDE WAS
DELAYED A FEW WEEKS WOULD'VE
SAVED LIVES IS FRANKLY ENFOLDING
TO ME AND ALL THAT SERVED. NOW
DEMOCRATS WANT YOU TO BELIEVE
THAT UKRAINIANS DIED AT ITS
TRUMPS ALL. WHAT WE IMPEACH HIM
ON THAT. MEMBERS ON THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE AISLE ARE TALKING
ABOUT BRIBERY AND LAYING OUT A
CASE FOR BRIBERY YET, IF THEIR
CASE WAS SO COMPELLING AND
OVERWHELMING AND THEY HAD THE
ELEMENTS, WHY IS IN THE ARTICLES
OF IMPEACHMENT? THEY DIDN'T
INCLUDE IT BECAUSE THERE'S NO
EVIDENCE FOR THAT. THE AIDE WAS
RELEASED BEFORE THE DEADLINE SET
OUT BY
CONGRESS. THEY RELEASED THE
AIDE. UKRAINIANS DIDN'T START
ANY INVESTIGATIONS. THEY ALSO
GOT A MEETING WITH PRESIDENT
TRUMP AND PRESIDENT TRUMP
DOESN'T HAVE TO MEET WITH
FOREIGN LEADERS AND HE STILL
AGREED TO MEET WITH THEM.
ARTICLE 2 SAYS THE PRESIDENT,
VICE PRESIDENT SHALL BE REMOVED,
TREASON AND OTHER HIGH CRIMES
AND MISDEMEANORS.  CONGRESS HAS
INTERPRETED THIS TO MEAN THAT
CONGRESS HAS COMMITTED AN ACTUAL
ACT
, FOR EXAMPLE, HE WAS ACCUSED OF
A CRIMINAL ACT, BILL CLINTON,
THREE, THESE WERE CRIMES THAT
WERE NOT TRIED IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES, COULD HAVE BEEN
TRIED IN THE CRIMINAL COURT. THE
STANDARD OF CRIMINALITY PROVIDES
CLARITY AND IS ONE W. MR.
TURLEY'S PLANT, ALTHOUGH
CRIMINALITY IS NOT REQUIRED,
CLARITY IS NECESSARY. THAT COMES
FROM A COMPLETE AND
COMPREHENSIVE RECORD THAT
ELIMINATES THE SCOPE.
EXPLANATIONS. BUT THROUGHOUT
THIS INVESTIGATION THE DEMOCRATS
COULDN'T FIND ANY WILL ACT ON
THE PRESENT. INSTEAD OF RELYING
ON
PRECEDENT, THEY DECIDED TO
IMPEACH AND FOR ABUSE OF POWER.
A VAGUE PHRASE THAT APPEARS
NOWHERE IN THE CONSTITUTION WHEN
DISCUSSING IMPEACHMENT. IT HAS
NO BASIS IN FACT OR EVIDENCE
RATHER IS DEEPLY ROOTED IN
PERSONAL OPINION AND PERCEPTION.
MR. TURLEY ALSO EXPLAINED THE
APPLICATION OF THIS OCCURRENCE
QUOTE WE HAVE NEVER IMPEACHED A
PRESIDENT SOLELY OR EVEN LARGELY
ON THE BASIS OF A NONCRIMINAL
ABUSE OF POWER ALLEGATION. THERE
IS GOOD REASON FOR THAT [ABUSES
OF POWER TEND TO BE LESS DEFINED
AND MORE DEBATABLE AS A BASIS
FOR IMPEACHMENT AND SOME OF THE
CRIMES ALREADY MENTIONED HE WENT
ON TO SAY THAT THE PROBLEM WITH
PROVING ABUSE OF POWER THEORY IS
A LACK OF DIRECT EVIDENCE DUE TO
FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE
WITNESSES. LET'S TALK ABOUT THAT
DIRECT EVIDENCE, THERE IS NOT,
THE ONLY PERSON WHO WOULD HAVE
FIRSTHAND KNOWLEDGE OF THE QUID
PRO QUO  BRIBERY EXTORTION OR
WHATEVER BUZZWORD THE DEMOCRATS
WENT TO TROT OUT NEXT IS
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY, WHO HAS
CATEGORICALLY DENIED ANY SUCH
AGREEMENT OR PRESSURE. HEREIN
LIES THE
ISSUE ON HINGING YOUR
IMPEACHMENT ON A NONCRIMINAL
ABUSE OF POWER ALLEGATION. THE
FACTS DON'T SUPPORT YOUR CLAIMS.
NEVER IN THE HISTORY OF THE USSR
PRESENT IN IMPEACHED
SOLELY ON THE BASIS OF ABUSE OF
POWER. EVERY PRESIDENT WAS BEEN
IMPEACHED HAS BEEN IMPEACHED FOR
CRIMINAL ACTS.
THE DEMOCRATS HAVE FAILED TO
PROVE A NONCRIMINAL STANDARD FOR
ABUSE OF POWER AND HAVE RELIED
ON HEARSAY AND CONJECTURE. THE
DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DO IS
PULL THE WOOL OVER THE EYES OF
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND MAKE
THEM THINK THAT WRONGDOING HAS
OCCURRED WHERE THERE IS NONE. BY
USING FANCY RHETORIC AND FLOWERY
LANGUAGE THEY THINK THEY CAN
CONVINCE A NATION OF THEIR
ILL-CONCEIVED IDEAS. DON'T FALL
FOR IT, AMERICA. I YIELD THE
REMAINDER OF MY TIME TO MR.
JORDAN.
>> IF THE DEMOCRATS ARE GOING TO
TO TAKE SOME OF SONLAND YOU GOT
TO TAKE ALL OF IT. IF YOU'RE
GOING TO MENTION THEM 611 TIMES
AND REPORT IF YOU'RE GOING TO
BUILD YOUR CASE AROUND  THE GUY
WHO PRESUMED,  PRESUMED HER WAS
A QUID PRO QUO, THE GUY WHO HAD
TO FILE AN ADDENDUM  TO HIS
DEPOSITION, IF YOU'RE GOING TO
DO ALL THAT YOU CAN'T IGNORE THE
DIRECT CONVERSATION HE HAD WITH
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES.
WHERE HE ASKED MR. PRESIDENT
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM UKRAINE?
WHAT IS THE PRESIDENT SAY?
INTERESTING, SONLAND LEFT THIS
OUT OF HIS OPENING
STATEMENT, WHAT YOU WANT FROM
UKRAINE AND THE PRESIDENT SAID I
WANT NOTHING, NO QUID PRO QUO, I
WANT HIM TO DO WHAT HE SAID . I
WANT HIM TO DO WHAT HE RAN ON.
YOU CAN'T IGNORE THAT. THE ONE
PIECE OF DIRECT EVIDENCE, YOU
WANT ALL THIS PRESUMPTION, YOU
WANT ALL THIS ADDENDUM,
YOU HAVE TO TAKE SOME OF SONLAND
YOU HAVE TO TAKE ALL OF IT. I
YIELD BACK.
>> I YIELD TO MR. STEVIE .
>> I YIELD TO MR. GATES. I HAVE
30 SECONDS. I HAVE 30 SECONDS
LEFT BEFORE THEY CUT THE CLOCK.
>>
I THINK THE GENTLEMAN FOR
YIELDING, I JUST THINK THE
GENTLEMAN FROM TENNESSEE,
THE DEBATE ON THE LAST SUBJECT
RELATIONS THAT WE ARE DEALING
WITH, THIS IS NOT A RIFLE SHOT
IMPEACHMENT WITH FACTS AND
EVIDENCE, THIS IS A BIRD SHOT,
HE TALKS ABOUT EVERYTHING FROM
YOU KNOW THE CAMPAIGN-FINANCE
CONCERNS, TO TRUMP UNIVERSITY,
CONCERNS ABOUT CHARITIES THIS IS
LIKE PIN THE TAIL ON YOUR
FAVORITE IMPEACHMENT VERY
BECAUSE THEY DON'T HAVE EVIDENCE
FOR ONE THING
TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT ON.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YELLED BACK.
WHAT PURPOSE DOES MR. McCLINTOCK
SEEK RECOGNITION?
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> THAT GENTLEMAN IS REGULATED.
>> THE CONSTITUTION INTRODUCES
THE PRESIDENT WITH 15 WORDS, THE
EXECUTIVE POWER SHALL BE VESTED
IN THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES OF AMERICA. IT DOES NOT
VEST ANY AUTHORITY IN LIEUTENANT
COLONEL'S OF THE NSC,
AMBASSADORS, STATE DEPARTMENT
OFFICIALS OR CABINET
SECRETARIES, THE ONLY
AUTHORITIES THAT THESE OFFICIALS
EXERCISE, IS DELEGATED TO THEM
BY THE PRESIDENT. SO, ALL OF THE
CRITICISMS AND RESENTMENTS AND
PERSONAL AND POLITICAL
DISAGREEMENTS THAT WE HAVE HEARD
FROM THOSE OFFICIALS ARE
COMPLETELY IRRELEVANT. IT IS
DANGEROUS THAT SO MANY OFFICIALS
BELIEVE THAT THEY HAVE
INDEPENDENT AUTHORITY TO
OVERRIDE PRESIDENTIAL POLICY
LEAK CLASSIFIED DOCUMENTS AND
ACTIVELY WORK TO UNDERMINE A
LAWFUL DISCHARGE OF THE
PRESIDENT'S DUTIES UNDER ARTICLE
2 IF THEIR JUDGMENT CAN REPLACE
THAT OF THE PRESIDENT, IT MEANS
THAT THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED
STATES HAVE SIMPLY BEEN REMOVED
FROM THE EQUATION. SOMEONE SAID
DURING THE DISCUSSION TODAY THAT
THE PRESIDENT HAS ACTUALLY
COMMITTED REAL CRIMES. THE
ARTICLE DOES NOT CHARGE SUCH
CRIMES. WHY NOT? BECAUSE THERE'S
NO EVIDENCE TO SUPPORT
THEM. IF THERE WAS EVIDENCE, YOU
KNOW THAT IN A HEARTBEAT THEY
WOULD HAVE INCLUDED THESE
CHARGES, SO IT'S OBVIOUSLY THEY
DON'T EVEN BELIEVE THEIR OWN
RHETORIC. ONE MEMBER SAID, WE
ARE NOT RESTRICTED AS THE
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE IS, THINK
ABOUT WHAT THAT STATEMENT MEANS.
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE IS
RESTRICTED BY THE BILL OF
RIGHTS. THE BILL OF RIGHTS SETS
FORTH BASIC
PRINCIPLES OF DUE PROCESS, THE
RIGHT TO CONFRONT YOUR ACCUSER,
THE RIGHT TO CALL WITNESSES IN
YOUR DEFENSE, CHARGES HAVE TO BE
SUPPORTED BY EVIDENCE, NOT
GOSSIP. AND YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO APPEAL TO THE COURTS TO
PROTECT THESE RIGHTS, YES, THE
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE IS
RESTRICTED BY THE BILL OF RIGHTS
BUT OUR BILL OF RIGHTS WITH ITS
DUE PROCESS RESTRICTIONS,
RESTRICTS ALL OF US WHO TAKE THE
OATH OF OFFICE. THAT INCLUDES
CONGRESS. WE ARE RESTRICTED TO
RESPECT
THESE RIGHTS ALSO. ONLY THE
MAJORITY IS NOW PLACING
THEMSELVES ABOVE THE SUPREME LAW
OF THE LAND. THE LAWFUL EXERCISE
OF EXECUTIVE POWER IS SIMPLY NOT
UNIMPEACHABLE OFFENSE. THE
PRESIDENT IS RESPONSIBLE FOR
FAITHFULLY EXECUTING THE LAWS,
THE FOREIGN CORRUPT PRACTICES
ACT MAKES IT A CRIME TO
OFFER SOMETHING OF VALUE TO
SECURE BUSINESS IN A FOREIGN
COUNTRY. THE FACTS OF MR.
BIDEN'S ACTIONS IN THE UKRAINE
CERTAINLY LOOK LIKE THEY CROSS
THAT LINE.
DOES THE PRESIDENT HAVE THE
AUTHORITY TO REQUEST COOPERATION
OF A FOREIGN GOVERNMENT TO
INVESTIGATE POTENTIALLY CORRUPT
INTERACTIONS BETWEEN U.S.
OFFICIALS AND THEIR OWN
OFFICIALS? OF COURSE HE DOES.
DEMOCRATS INTO THE MOST SINISTER
MOTIVES TO THIS REQUEST. NOTHING
IN THE CONVERSATION SUGGEST
THAT. DO US A FAVOR BECAUSE OUR
COUNTRY HAS BEEN THROUGH A LOT
AND UKRAINE KNOWS A LOT ABOUT
IT. THAT'S THE EXACT QUOTE. THE
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION
ACT SPECIFICALLY REQUIRES THE
ADMINISTRATION TO DETERMINE THAT
UKRAINE IS TAKING STEPS TO
COMBAT CORRUPTION BEFORE IT CAN
BE RELEASED. THE DEMOCRATS HAVE
MADE MUCH OF THE FACT THAT THE
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE CERTIFIED
THIS INMATE IN MAY. NUMBER 1 THE
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE EXERCISES
NO AUTHORITY INDEPENDENT OF THE
PRESIDENT, THE BUCK STILL STOPS
AT THE PRESIDENT DESK AND
THE PRESIDENT RETAINS
RESPONSIBILITY DETERMINED THAT
THE FINDINGS OF HIS
ADMINISTRATION REMAIN VALID.
PARTICULARLY AS HE ASSESSES THE
ATTENTION OF THE NEWLY ELECTED
PRESIDENT AND PARLIAMENT AND
LEST WE FORGET, LAST YEAR, THREE
DEMOCRATIC SENATORS WROTE TO THE
UKRAINIAN GOVERNMENT, DEMANDING
THAT IT COOPERATE
IN INVESTIGATING PRESIDENT FROM.
THE DEMOCRATS FOUND ABSOLUTELY
NOTHING OBJECTIONABLE ABOUT
THIS. THE ONLY DIFFERENCE I SEE
IS THAT THE PRESIDENT ACTUALLY
HAS THE AUTHORITY AND THE
RESPONSIBILITY TO MAKE SUCH A
REQUEST. SO WHAT'S AT STAKE
HERE? THE WORST POSSIBLE
INTERPRETATIONS OF THE
PRESIDENT'S MOTIVES AND
DISCHARGING HIS CONSTITUTIONAL
POWERS ARE BEING IMPUTED TO HIM
BY HIS MOST VITRIOLIC OPPONENTS.
NOW THERE'S NOTHING
EXTRAORDINARY ABOUT THAT, IT'S
CALLED, POLITICS. BUT IF THIS
CAN BECOME THE NEW STANDARD OF
IMPEACHMENT, THAT CONGRESS CAN
IMPEACH ANY PRESIDENT WHOSE
MOTIVES HIS OPPONENTS QUESTION,
IF THIS IS ALLOWED TO REPLACE
TREES AND BRIBERY ANOTHER
HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS AS
THE STANDARD FOR NULLIFYING A
NATIONAL ELECTION AND
SUBSTITUTING THE JUDGMENT OF
CONGRESS  INSTEAD OF THE
JUDGMENT OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE,
WELL THEN NO PRESIDENT CAN MAKE
ANY DECISION WITHOUT SUBJECTING
THE NATION TO THE TRAVESTY GOING
ON TODAY.
THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH WILL BE
SUBORDINATED TO THE LEGISLATIVE,
SERVING UP THE PLEASURE OF
CONGRESS, AND THE SEPARATION OF
POWER IS AT THE HEART OF OUR,
WILL HAVE BEEN DESTROYED.
>> THE GENTLE GUILT BACK.
>> MOVED TO
STRIKE.
>> AS WE WENT THROUGH THIS
AMENDMENT WHICH I THINK IS
PROBABLY ON OF THE MOST TELLING
AMENDMENTS, THIS IS THE MOST
AMORPHOUS AMENDMENT THAT YOU CAN
HAVE. EVEN WHEN I WAS WAITING
FOR THE ANNOUNCEMENT FROM
THE CHAIRMAN AND OTHERS AT THE
PODIUM I WAS ACTUALLY THERE AND
WAS BEING INTERVIEWED AND WHEN I
HEARD OF THIS ONE, BEEN
CONFIRMED ABUSE OF POWER WAS ONE
OF THEIR ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT, IT WAS SIMPLY
STUNNING AND MY FIRST REACTION
HAS RUNG TRUE COMPLETELY HERE
TODAY, BY MANY OF THE MEMBERS ON
THE MAJORITY INCLUDING THE
GENTLEMAN FROM TENNESSEE WHO
RECENTLY CONFIRMED. ABUSE OF
POWER FOR ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT
CAN MEAN ANYTHING THEY WANTED TO
MEAN. IT'S THE CARTE BLANCHE
COVERAGE, IT'S SAYING WE DON'T
HAVE A CASE BUT GO OUT AND MAKE
IT UP. JUST GO OUT AND SAY WHAT
YOU DON'T LIKE. IF HE DIDN'T SAY
SOMETHING NICE TO THIS, DO THIS
AND THAT WILL COVER YOU, YOU
WILL BE OKAY BECAUSE REMEMBER,
THIS IS ALWAYS ABOUT AN
ELECTION. YOU KNOW HOW WE
CONTINUE TO KNOW THIS? WE KEEP
MISQUOTING THE TRANSCRIPT. THEY
DON'T HAVE THE FAX SO WE KEEP
MISQUOTING THE TRANSCRIPTS AIN'T
DO ME A FAVOR. IT'S SIMPLE,
IF YOU'VE GOT A CASE MAKE IT BUT
DON'T MAKE IT UP BECAUSE YOU
DON'T HAVE IT. WHAT WE HAVE HERE
ALSO IS THIS CONTINUAL JUST
REPEATED ATTACKS ON THE
UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT
, ZELENSKY. THE REPEATED
ATTACKS. BECAUSE WE ARE EITHER
CLAIMING HE IS A LIAR OR A
PUPPET
OR HE IS A POLITICIAN, AN ACTOR
SO DISREGARD HIM. WOW. THAT'S A
LOT OF CONCERN FOR THE UKRAINIAN
PEOPLE, TAKING ON THEIR
PRESIDENT THAT THEY JUST
ELECTED. WHEN WE UNDERSTAND AND
WE LOOK AT THIS, THIS IS HOW IT
GETS TO THE PROBLEM. WHEN YOU
GET TO A CERTAIN POINT AND YOU
CAN'T MAKE YOUR CASE, WHEN YOU
CAN'T ACTUALLY ADDED UP, WHEN
YOU HAVE LAW SCHOOL PROFESSORS
TELL YOU IF YOU THINK THIS AND
THIS THEN THE INFERENCE IS OKAY,
THEN WE HAVE LOWERED THE
STANDARD WHERE ANYTHING CAN BE
BROUGHT IN. THE FACTUAL CASE
THAT HAS BEEN MADE OVER THE
PAST, ALMOST 3 HOURS NOW BY THE
MINORITY SIDE IS LAID
BARE THE CASE OF ABUSE OF POWER,
THERE IS NONE. YOU CAN MAKE IT
UP, YOU CAN CALL IT WHATEVER YOU
WANT AND YOU CAN TRY AND SELL
THAT TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE THAT
THEY ARE NOT BUYING IT. THEY ARE
NOT. AND IT'S GOING TO GET
HARDER AND HARDER FOR MEMBERS TO
ACTUALLY GO AND SAY, NEXT WEEK
, WHERE THEY STICK THEIR CARD IN
AND VOTE YES ON THE ABUSE OF
POWER THAN ACTUALLY HAVE TO GO
BACK AND EXPLAIN THAT. IT'S EASY
IN THIS ROOM.
YOU'VE GOT HELP FROM YOUR
COLLEAGUES BUT WHEN YOU ARE BACK
HOME TRYING TO EXPLAIN WHY
YOU'RE GOING TO TAKE DOWN A
PRESIDENT, DULY ELECTED OVER
ABUSE OF POWER BECAUSE SOME OF
THE ARGUMENTS WE HEARD THIS
MORNING? THAT'S AMAZING. THERE
IS TRUE SKEPTICISM ABOUT WHAT
WENT ON IN THE UKRAINE AND IS
DEEPLY ROOTED WITH THIS
PRESIDENT AND BY THE WAY THERE
WAS ANOTHER TIME, UKRAINE EIGHT
WAS HELD, IT'S NOT THE FIRST
TIME.
I'VE SAID THIS BEFORE, MOST
PEOPLE WERE AMAZED THAT HE
ACTUALLY DOES WHAT HE SAYS HE'S
GOING TO DO, HE ACTUALLY DOES
THOSE KIND OF THINGS. THAT'S
WHAT TRUE LEADERSHIP DOES.
OTHER COUNTRIES AID WAS ALSO
HELD, LEBANON WAS ACTUALLY HELD.
OTHERS WERE ACTUALLY HELD, THIS
IS NOT A NEW THING. DO NOT LET
THE MAJORITY CONVINCE, TRY TO
CONVINCE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
THAT WITHHOLDING AID OR NOT
LOOKING INTO CORRUPTION IS A NEW
THING, DON'T LET THEM DO IT.
WHEN YOU ARE HAVING TO PLAY A
PART YOU HAVE TO DO THAT, YOU
HAVE TO MAKE IT UP, IT'S ALL
INLAND, THAT'S WHAT THEY'RE
DOING. MR. HALE TESTIFIED ONE OF
THE MORE EGREGIOUS ONES, I HAVE
A FRIEND OF MINE WHO TEXTED ME A
FEW MINUTES AGO, AGAIN IT NEEDS
TO BE HIT.
ONE OF THE THINGS PERPETRATED
THIS MORNING OUT TO THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE WAS, PEOPLE LOST THEIR
LIVES IN THE UKRAINE OVER THIS
AID. THIS FRIEND OF MINE, WHO
TEXTED ME A FEW MINUTES AGO,
LOST LIMBS ON HIS OWN BODY IN
DEFENSE OF OUR COUNTRY. IN A WAR
ZONE. HE SAYS, DON'T LET THEM
GET AWAY WITH THIS BECAUSE THIS
IS A FUTURE ACT, MR. HALE
TESTIFIED TO THIS FACT, IN FACT
HE REPEATED IT IN HIS
DEPOSITION, GO TO THE TRANSCRIPT
. HE SAID THIS WAS FUTURE AID
AND HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH
RUNNING THE ARMY RIGHT THEN.
RUSSIA HAS INVADED UKRAINE, THEY
ARE FIGHTING, IT IS A HOT WAR.
BUT TO BLAME THIS CONVERSATION
BECAUSE YOU HAVE SUCH A WEAK
CASE? YOU'RE GOING TO TRY AND
THROW THAT INTO SCARE THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE, THAT'S NOT
RIGHT. MAKE A CASE, HAVE YOUR
FAX, PUT IT IN THE ARTICLE BUT
WHEN YOU CAN'T DO THAT, YOU GO
IN THE BACK ROOM AND YOU START
WRITING ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT
AND YOU SAY
, OH, WE'VE GOT A PROBLEM. LET'S
PUT SOMETHING IN THERE THAT ALL
OF OUR CONFERENCE CAN GET BEHIND
BECAUSE THEY DON'T LIKE THE
PRESIDENT. I YIELD BACK.
>>
TO MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE AISLE, I WILL REMIND
YOU OF THE FACTS THAT HAVE BEEN
RECOVERED AND REVIEW THEM AND
PUT THEM ON THE RECORD AGAIN FOR
THE AMERICAN PUBLIC. BECAUSE
FACTS DO MATTER. NOTICE THE
CONTRACT BETWEEN THE
CONVERSATION ON THIS SIDE OF THE
AISLE, AND THAT. THEY RUN AWAY
FROM THE FACTS, THEY ARE AFRAID
TO ADMIT TO THEMSELVES
OR TO THE AMERICAN PUBLIC OF
WHAT THE PRESIDENT'S BEHAVIOR
REALLY ADDS UP TO. LET ME JUST
RECITE THE FACTS, WHEN UKRAINIAN
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY  RAISED THE
ISSUE OF U.S. MILITARY
ASSISTANCE TO UKRAINE DURING THE
JULY 25 CALL, PRESIDENT TRUMP
REPLIED, QUOTE, I WOULD LIKE YOU
TO DO US A FAVOR THOUGH, BECAUSE
OUR COUNTRY HAS BEEN THROUGH A
LOT AND UKRAINE KNOWS A LOT
ABOUT THAT. CONGRESS
APPROPRIATED AND AUTHORIZED $391
MILLION IN SECURITY ASSISTANCE
TO
UKRAINE. ON MAY 23 THE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CERTIFY TO
CONGRESS THAT UKRAINE HAD
COMPLETED THE REQUISITE
ANTICORRUPTION REFORM ACTIONS TO
QUALIFY FOR THE SECURITY
ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATED BY
CONGRESS. THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF
DIRECTED THE AID
TO BE PUT ON HOLD. IN JULY
UKRAINIAN OFFICIALS ASKED
PENTAGON STAFF ABOUT THE HOLD ON
MILITARY ASSISTANCE. NO
LEGITIMATE PUBLIC POLICY OR
NATIONAL SECURITY RATIONALE,
EXISTS AND THE PRESIDENT HAS NOT
BROUGHT ONE FORWARD,
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S DECISION TO
WITHHOLD THE SECURITY ASSISTANCE
FROM UKRAINE. PROVIDING AID
TO UKRAINE IS IN THE NATIONAL
SECURITY INTEREST OF THE UNITED
STATES. WITHHOLDING IT IS IN THE
PERSONAL POLITICAL INTEREST OF
THE PRESIDENT AND OF PUTIN.
PRESIDENT TRUMP FAILED TO SAY
THE WORD CORRUPTION DURING HIS
APRIL 21 CALL WITH PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY,  PRESIDENT TRUMP
FAILED TO SAY THE WORD
CORRUPTION DURING HIS JULY 25
CALL TO PRESIDENT ZELENSKY.  THE
EIGHT TO UKRAINE WAS RELEASED
ONLY AFTER HOUSE COMMITTEES AND
ANNOUNCED AN INVESTIGATION INTO
THE ADMINISTRATION'S DECISION TO
HOLD THE AID. THE PRESIDENT
INSTRUCTED ALL WITNESSES FROM
THE ADMINISTRATION NOT TO
TESTIFY AND WITHHELD ALL
RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FROM HOUSE
INVESTIGATORS. ON OCTOBER 3,
WHEN ASKED BY A REPORTER, WHAT
HE HOPED PRESIDENT ZELENSKY
WOULD TO FOLLOWING THE JULY 25
CALL, PRESIDENT TRUMP TOLD THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE IN THE WORLD,
WELL, I WOULD THINK THAT IF THEY
WERE HONEST ABOUT IT, THEY WOULD
START A MAJOR INVESTIGATION INTO
THE BIDENS. IT'S A VERY SIMPLE
ANSWER. ON OCTOBER 17 AT A PRESS
BRIEFING IN THE WHITE HOUSE,
ACTING CHIEF OF STAFF NICK
MULVANEY SAID PRESIDENT TRUMP
ABSOLUTELY MENTIONED CORRUPTION
RELATED TO THE DNC SERVER DURING
HIS JULY 25 CALL AND THAT SERVER
WAS PART OF WHY WE HELD THE
MONEY UP
.  UPON TAKING A QUESTION FROM A
REPORTER, ATTEMPTING TO CLARIFY
THE ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF A QUID PRO
QUO,  MULVANEY REPLIED, WE DO
THAT ALL THE TIME WITH
FOREIGN-POLICY, GET OVER IT. LET
ME REMIND YOU OF A STATEMENT
THAT DR. FIONA HILL MADE IN HER
OPENING STATEMENT
. IN HER EXTRAORDINARY POWERFUL
OPENING STATEMENT AN INCREDIBLE
TESTIMONY BEFORE THIS CONGRESS
. SHE SAID AND I QUOTE, IF THE
PRESIDENT OR ANYONE ELSE IN P OR
SUBVERTS THE NATIONAL SECURITY
OF THE UNITED STATES, IN ORDER
TO FURTHER A DOMESTIC POLITICAL
OR PERSONAL INTEREST, THAT IS
MORE THAN WORTHY OF YOUR
ATTENTION. I ASKED MY COLLEAGUES
RESPECTFULLY, ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THIS DAIS, IS THIS NOT WORTHY
OF OUR ATTENTION TO UPHOLD THE
CONSTITUTION
AND ASK THE PRESIDENT TO DO THE
SAME? OR DO THEY THINK IT IS
PROPER, DO THEY THINK IT'S OKAY,
FOR ANY PRESIDENT, NOT JUST
THIS ONE BUT FOR ANY PRESIDENT
TO INVITE FOREIGN INTERFERENCE
INTO OUR ELECTIONS? WITH THAT
MR. CHAIRMAN, I YIELD TO THE
GENTLEMAN FROM RHODE ISLAND.
>> I THINK THE GENTLE LADY FROM
YIELDING. THERE WAS A LETTER
SIGNED BY MORE THAN FIVE LEGAL
SCHOLARS ACROSS THE SPECTRUM, I
WOULD LIKE TO READ FROM VERY
BRIEFLY. THEY SAY THE PRESIDENT
CONGRESS CONDUCT IS THE THREAT
TO OUR DEMOCRACY THAT THE
FOUNDERS FEARED WHEN THEY
INCLUDE THE REMEDY OF
IMPEACHMENT IN THE CONSTITUTION.
WE TAKE NO POSITION ON WHETHER
THE PRESIDENT COMMITTED CRIME
BUT CONDUCT CANNOT BE CRIMINAL
TO BE PEACEABLE. THE STANDARD IS
CONSTITUTIONAL. THEY GO ON TO
SAY IMPEACHMENT IS ESSENTIAL
REMEDY FOR CONDUCT THAT CORRUPTS
ELECTIONS. I KNOW MY TIME IS
ABOUT TO EXPIRE. I WOULD LIKE TO
READ ADDITIONAL PARTS OF THAT. I
YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLE LADY YIELD BACK I
RECOGNIZE MYSELF
.
>> THANK YOU MR. CHAIRMAN, I
WOULD LIKE TO CONTINUE TO READ
BECAUSE THIS AGAIN, IS A LETTER
SIGNED BY MORE THAN 500
CONSTITUTIONAL SCHOLARS. AND I
THINK SOME OF THE CONCLUSION MY
COLLEAGUES HAVE BEEN STRUGGLING
WITH, IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES AND
VIOLATIONS OF THE CRIMINAL
STATUTE, SO I HOPE THIS WILL
HELP CLARIFY THAT. THEY WRITE,
IMPEACHMENT IS A REMEDY FOR
GRAVE ABUSES OF THE PUBLIC
TRUST. IMPEACHMENT IS AN
ESPECIALLY ESSENTIAL REMEDY FOR
CONDUCT THAT CORRUPTS ELECTIONS.
THE PRIMARY CHECK ON A PRESIDENT
IS POLITICAL, IF A PRESIDENT
BELIEVES POORLY VOTERS CAN PUMP
PUNISH HIM OR HER AT THE POLLS,
IF A PRESIDENT WHO CORRUPTS THE
SYSTEM OF ELECTIONS TO PLACE
HIMSELF BEYOND THE REACH OF THIS
POLITICAL CHECK. THE
CONSTITUTION ENGINES, GEORGE
MASON DESCRIBED IMPEACHMENT, AS
ATTEMPTS TO OBSERVE THE
CONSTITUTION.
SIMPLY, IF A PRESIDENT XI'S
AT HIS EFFORTS AT REELECTION,
TRUSTING THE DEMOCRATIC PROCESS
TO SERVE AS A CHECK THROUGH THAT
ELECTION IS NO REMEDY AT ALL.
THIS IS WHAT IMPEACHMENT IS FOR.
THEY GO ON TO SAY IN THIS
LETTER, WHETHER HIS CONDUCT IS
CLASSIFIED AS BRIBERY OR HIGH
CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS IT IS
CLEARLY IMPEACHABLE UNDER OUR
CONSTITUTION.  IN ASKING
UNANIMOUS CONSENT THAT THIS
LETTER HAS MORE THAN 500 LEGAL
SCHOLARS,
I HOPE MY COLLEAGUES ON THE
OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE WILL
UNDERSTAND THAT THE BASIS OF
THIS ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT THAT
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, VIOLATED THE PUBLIC
TRUST, UNDERMINES THE NATIONAL
SECURITY OF THE UNITED STATES,
BETRAYED OUR NATIONAL INTEREST,
BY USING THE ENORMOUS POWER OF
HIS OFFICE. NOT TO ADVANCE THE
PUBLIC GOOD, NOT TO ADVANCE THE
POLICIES OF THE UNITED STATES IN
THE INTEREST OF THE UNITED
STATES, TO ADVANCE HIS OWN
PERSONAL POLITICAL BENEFIT. THAT
IS EXACTLY WHAT THE FRAMERS
SPOKE ABOUT, THAT'S NOT MY
CONCLUSION ALONE, IT WAS THE
CONCLUSION OF THE SCHOLARS WE
HEARD FROM IN OUR HEARINGS, AND
OR THAN 500 LEGAL SCHOLARS THAT
HAVE JOINED US. I HOPE IT'LL PUT
TO REST THIS NOTION THAT YOU
HAVE TO VIOLATE A CRIMINAL
STATUTE. A PRESIDENT COULD
DEFACE A POST OFFICE, A MAILBOX,
THAT'S A FEDERAL CRIME. NO ONE
WOULD SUGGEST THE PRESIDENT
COULD BE IMPEACHED FOR THAT. THE
FRAMERS ARE TALKING ABOUT THE
ABUSES OF THE PUBLIC TRUST, A
VIOLATION OF THE MOST SACRED
OATH, TO HONOR THE INTEREST OF
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NOT TO
ADVANCE YOUR OWN PERSONAL
INTERESTS. THESE SCHOLARS IT
MUCH BETTER THAN I CAN I ASK
UNANIMOUS CONSENT TO BE MADE A
PART OF THE
RECORD.
>> I WOULD SIMPLY POINT OUT A
FEW THINGS, NUMBER 1 THAT THE
IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT NIXON
ALTHOUGH HE HAD COMMITTED ANY
CRIMES, ABUSE OF POWER,
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, IT DID
NOT SPECIFY A SPECIFIC CRIME. I
WILL ALSO POINT OUT THAT THE
MAJORITY STAFF REPORT OF THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE IN 1974, NOT
JUST NOW, AND I BELIEVE IN 1998
CERTAINLY 1974, POINTED OUT THAT
CRIMES AND IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES
ARE DIFFERENT THINGS. THERE
CRIMES WHICH MAY NOT BE
IMPEACHABLE THERE ARE
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES WHICH MAY
NOT BE CRIMES. AND IMPEACHABLE
OFFENSE, HIGH CRIMES AND
MISDEMEANORS, THAT'S A GRAVE AND
SERIOUS  OFFENSE AGAINST THE
CONSTITUTION
. I WOULD REFER YOU TO THE
FEDERALIST PAGES. I WOULD ALSO
SAY ONE OTHER THING. WE HAVE
REPEATEDLY HEARD THAT THE
DEMOCRATS ARE ACCUSING PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY  AND MR. YERMAK OF
LYING  BECAUSE
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY SAID HE
WASN'T PRESSURED. OF COURSE HE
SAID HE WASN'T PRESSURED
. THE UNITED STATES IS A
POWERFUL NATION ON WHICH HIS
NATION IS DEPENDENT. HE HAS A
GUN TO HIS HEAD. THE FACT THAT
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES UPON WHOM HE DEPENDS FOR.
FOR HELP IN MANY DIFFERENT WAYS,
HAS SHOWN HIMSELF WILLING TO
WITHHOLD THAT AID AND TO DO
OTHER THINGS, BASED ON WHAT HE
SAYS. BASED ON WHETHER HE IS
WILLING TO PLAY ALONG WITH THE
PRESIDENT FOR HIS PERSONAL AND
POLITICAL GOALS. OF COURSE HE
DENIES HE WAS PRESSURED BECAUSE
THAT IF HE KNOWS THAT IF HE
DIDN'T TONIGHT, THERE MIGHT BE
HEAVY CONSEQUENCES TO PAY AND
YOU CANNOT CREDIT THAT DENIAL
, WITHOUT ANY ASPERSIONS ON HIS
CHARACTER, SIMPLY ON THE FACT
THAT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES PULLED A GUN TO HIS HEAD.
I YIELD BACK AND THE QUESTION IS
ON THE AMENDMENT, THOSE IN FAVOR
SAY I, THE NOSE HABIT.
>> ROLL CALL IS REQUESTED.
>>> [ ROLL CALL ]
>>> ANY MEMBERS TO VOTE WHICH
HAD NOT VOTED?
MR. RICHMOND YOU ARE NOT
RECORDED.
>> NO.
>>
ANY OTHER MEMBERS WHO HAVEN'T
VOTED WHO WISH TO VOTE? THE
CLERK WILL REPORT.
MR. SHERMAN THERE ARE 17 EYES
AND 23 NOSE.
>> ANY FURTHER AMENDMENTS?
>> THE GENTLEMAN BEST MEGA
THE GENTLE LADY RESERVES THE
POINT OF ORDER.
>> AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT
OFFERED BY MR. GATES OF FLORIDA,
PAGE 3 STRIKE LINES 10 THROUGH
11 AND INSERT THE FOLLOWING.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED
TO EXPLAIN HIS
AMENDMENT.
>> DISTRACTS THE REFERENCE TO
JOE BIDEN AS THE CENTER OF THE
PROPOSED INVESTIGATION AND
REPLACES IT WITH THE TRUE TOPIC
OF THE INVESTIGATION, BURISMA
AND HUNTER BIDEN. AN ESSENTIAL
ELEMENT OF THE DEMOCRATS CASE ON
ABUSE OF POWER IS THAT THE
BIDENS DID NOTHING WRONG, IT CAN
ONLY BE AN ABUSE OF POWER AND
NOT A CORRECT USE OF POWER IF
THE PRESIDENT WAS PURSUING
SOMETHING UNDER WHICH THERE WAS
NO REASONABLE BASIS TO ASK A
QUESTION ABOUT HUNTER BIDEN AND
CHARISMA. HUNTER BIDEN AND
CHARISMA, WHAT AN INTERESTING
STORY,
AND I THINK JUST ABOUT EVERY
AMERICAN KNOWS, THERE'S
SOMETHING UP WITH THAT, $86,000
A MONTH? NO EXPERIENCE? WORKING
FOR SOME FOREIGN GOVERNMENT
WHILE YOUR DAD IS A VICE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES?
IS THERE ANYONE WHO BELIEVES
THIS IS OKAY? I KNOW WE HAVE A
FEW OF MY COLLEAGUES MAYBE WHO
ARE RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT OR
MIGHT RUN FOR PRESIDENT, WOULD
YOU LET YOUR VICE PRESIDENT HAVE
THEIR SON OR DAUGHTER OR FAMILY
MEMBER OUT LIGHTING FOR SOME
FOREIGN COMPANY? MAYBE I'LL USE
LANGUAGE FAMILIAR TO THE FORMER
VICE PRESIDENT. ON, MAN. THIS
LOOKS DIRTY AS IT IS. HUNTER
BIDEN WAS MAKING MORE THAN FIVE
TIMES MORE THAN A BOARD MEMBER
FOR EXXON MOBIL. I'VE HEARD OF
THAT COMPANY. I WANTED TO READ
UP ON HUNTER BIDEN AND LEARN
MORE ABOUT HIM I FOUND THIS VERY
EXTENSIVE PROFILE IN THE NEW
YORKER AND HERE'S WHAT IT SAYS,
HUNTER SAID AT THAT POINT, HE
HAD NOT SLEPT FOR SEVERAL DAYS
DRIVING EAST ON INTERSTATE 10,
JUST BEYOND PALM SPRINGS HE LOST
CONTROL OF HIS CAR WHICH JUMPED
THE MEDIAN AND SKIDDED TO A STOP
ON THE SHOULDER OF THE WESTBOUND
SIDE. HE CALLED HERTZ, WHICH
CAME TO COLLECT THE DAMAGED CAR
AND GAVE HIM A SECOND RENTAL.
THE HERTZ RENTAL OFFICER TOLD ME
HE FOUND A CRACK PIPE IN THE CAR
ONE OF THE CONSULS A LINE OF
WHITE POWDER RESIDUE. THE
ATTORNEY, HERTZ CALLED THE
PRESCOTT POLICE DEPARTMENT AT
OFFICERS FILED A NARCOTICS
OFFENSE REPORT, LISTING ITEMS
SEIZED IN THE CAR
INCLUDING THE PLASTIC BAG
CONTAINING A WHITE POWDER
SUBSTANCE, SECRET SERVICE
BUSINESS CARD, CREDIT CARDS AND
HUNTER BIDEN'S DRIVERS LICENSE.
THAT IS WHAT WE WOULD CALL
EVIDENCE, AND I DON'T WANT TO
MAKE LIGHT OF ANYBODY'S
SUBSTANCE ABUSE ISSUES, I KNOW
THE PRESIDENT IS WORKING HARD TO
SOLVE THOSE THROUGHOUT THE
COUNTRY BUT IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE
THAT BURISMA HIRED HUNTER BIDEN
TO RESOLVE THEIR INTERNATIONAL
DISPUTES WHEN HE COULD NOT
RESOLVE HIS OWN DISPUTE WITH
HERTZ RENTAL CAR OVER LEAVING
COCAINE AND A CRACK PIPE IN THE
CAR. IT CONTINUES.
HUNTER STAYED IN LOS ANGELES FOR
ABOUT A WEEK, HE SAID HE NEEDED
TO GET AWAY AND FORGET SOON
AFTER HIS ARRIVAL IN L.A. HE
SAID HE ASKED A HOMELESS MAN
WHERE HE COULD BUY CRACK. HUNTER
SAID THE MAN TOOK HIM TO A
NEARBY HOMELESS AND CAP WERE A
NARROW PASSAGEWAY BETWEEN THE
TENSE, SOMEONE PUT A GUN TO HIS
HEAD BEFORE REALIZING THAT HE
WAS THE BUYER, HE RETURNED TO
BUY MORE CRACK A FEW TIMES THAT
WEEK. AGAIN, NOT CASTING ANY
JUDGMENT
ON ANY CHALLENGES SOMEONE GOES
THROUGH IN THEIR PERSONAL LIFE
BUT IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE THAT
THIS WAS THE GUY WANDERING
THROUGH HOMELESS AND CAN'T
ENCOMPASS BUYING CRACK THAT WAS
GETTING $86,000 A MONTH TO
BURISMA HOLDING. THAT MIGHT BE
ONE OF THE WAYS
WHEN ABC ASKED, DO YOU THINK YOU
WOULD'VE GOTTEN THIS JOB IN THE
ABSENCE OF YOUR DAD BEING THE
VICE PRESIDENT? WELL, HE SAID,
PROBABLY NOT. AND THEN I LOOKED
TO THE RECORD EVIDENCE. AND I
LOOKED AT THE TESTIMONY OF MR.
KENT, MR. KENT WAS ONE OF THE
WITNESSES THEY CALLED ON THE
FIRST DAY. HE SAID THE REASON
WAS SO DIRTY THAT OUR OWN
EMBASSY HAD TO PULL OUT OF THE
JOINT SPONSORSHIP WITH THEM.
WHEN
AMBASSADOR YOVANOVITCH WAS BEING
PREPPED FOR SENATE CONFIRMATION,
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION WAS SO
WORRIED ABOUT THE CORRUPTION
AROUND BURISMA AND HUNTER BIDEN,
THAT THEY HELD SPECIAL PREP
MOMENTS TO TRY AND GET READY FOR
THE INEVITABLE QUESTIONS ABOUT
THIS OBVIOUS CORRUPTION THAT THE
PRESIDENT ASKED ABOUT. MR. KENT
AGAIN ONE OF THEIR WITNESSES
FROM THE FIRST DAY, ALSO GAVE
TESTIMONY, THAT THE REASON A,
THAT THE HEAD OF BURISMA HAVE
STOLEN $23 MILLION
IN THE USA THE U.K. AND HE PAID
A BRIBE TO GET OFF THE HOOK. SO
IT'S NOT AS IF HER EASEMENT IS
PULLING OUT NEW PLAYS, THEIR
PLAYBOOK IS TO DO DIRTY STUFF
AND THEN GO AND PAY TRIBES AND
HIRE THE PEOPLE NECESSARY TO
MAKE THOSE PROBLEMS GO AWAY.
THIS IS WHY THE MINORITY HEARING
ISSUE IS SO IMPORTANT BY THE
WAY. YOU WONDER WHY REPUBLICANS
ARE SO ANGRY THAT WE DIDN'T HAVE
A HEARING TO PUT ON OUR OWN
WITNESSES AND EVIDENCE AND YOU
MAY WONDER WHY IF THEY FEEL SO
GOOD ABOUT THE CASE WHY DID THEY
BLOCK OUR ABILITY TO PUT IN
EVIDENCE, IT'S BECAUSE WE HAVE
THE ABILITY TO SHOW THAT BURISMA
IS CORRUPT. WE HAVE THE ABILITY
TO SHOW THAT HUNTER BIDEN IS
CORRUPT. AND THAT TOTALLY
ESCALATES THE PRESIDENT. BECAUSE
THERE'S NO WAY OF UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA, THAT HONESTLY
PURSUING ACTUAL CORRUPTION IS IN
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE, THAT'S
WHY I OFFER THE AMENDMENT AND I
ENCOURAGE MY COLLEAGUES TO VOTE
FOR IT.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, I WITHDRAW MY
POINT OF ORDER.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN?
>>
THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> I YIELD TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN I RISE IN
OPPOSITION TO THIS AMENDMENT AND
I WOULD SAY THAT THE POT CALLING
THE KETTLE BLACK IS NOT
SOMETHING THAT WE SHOULD DO. I
DON'T KNOW WHAT MEMBERS IF ANY
HAVE HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH
SUBSTANCE ABUSE INVESTED IN DUI,
I DON'T KNOW, BUT IF I DID, I
WOULDN'T RAISE IT
AGAINST ANYONE ON THIS
COMMITTEE. I DON'T THINK IT'S
PROPER
. AND YOU KNOW, I THINK, WE'VE
GOT TO GET BACK DOWN TO WHAT IS
MOST IMPORTANT HERE THIS IS A
QUESTION THAT STANDS OUT LIKE A
BIG THROBBING SORT SO INSIDE OF
A SHOE THAT'S TOO SMALL. AND
THAT IS THIS QUESTION, IS IT
EVER OKAY FOR A PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, TO
INVITE FOREIGN INTERFERENCE IN
AN UPCOMING PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION CAMPAIGN?
>> IS THE GENTLEMAN YIELDING?
>> THE GENTLEMAN HAS THE TIME.
>>
THE SILENCE WAS AND IS
DEAFENING, AND THERE WILL BE
PLENTY OF TIME FOR YOU TO
RESPOND TO THAT QUESTION AND I
WOULD INVITE YOU TO DO SO. I
GAVE YOU AN OPPORTUNITY OF ABOUT
10 OR 15 SECONDS WHILE YOU CAN
GET YOUR STORY TOGETHER
AND NOBODY CAME UP WITH A STORY.
SO I'M GOING TO LET YOU MOVE TO
STRIKE THE LAST WORD AND EXPLAIN
THAT TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
IT'S NEVER PROPER FOR A UNITED
STATES PRESIDENT TO HOLD A
FOREIGN COUNTRY OVER A BARREL TO
MAKE THEM DO THAT PRESIDENT'S
PERSONAL BIDDING AND HOLDING
NEEDED SECURITY SIX,
ASSISTANCE, DANGLING IT, I'LL
GIVE IT TO YOU IF YOU DO THIS. I
MEAN, THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT
HAPPENED. IT'S LIKE THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE UNDERSTAND WHAT HAPPENED.
THOSE ARE THE FACTS, THE
PRESIDENT SAID IT, WHEN HE
RELEASED THE TRANSCRIPT OF THE
SUMMARY OF THAT PHONE CALL ON
JULY 25, THE SUMMARY
OF THE PRESIDENT'S OWN WORDS,
SHOWS THAT THE PRESIDENT TRIED
TO GET PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO
INTERFERE  IN THE UPCOMING
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
THAT IS ESTABLISHED BY THE
FACTS, SO THIS IS NOT ABOUT
HUNTER BIDEN AND THEY HAVE SAID
THAT ON THE OTHER SIDE
REPEATEDLY, UP UNTIL THEY START
TALKING ABOUT HUNTER BIDEN
HAVING SOME SUBSTANCE ABUSE
PROBLEMS. YOU CAN'T HAVE IT BOTH
WAYS MUST BE HONEST, THIS IS
ABOUT OUR CONSCIENCE
, THE CONSCIOUS OF THE NATION,
THE CONSCIENCE OF MY FRIENDS ON
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE. DO
YOU BELIEVE THAT WE SHOULD ALLOW
THIS TO GO UNADDRESSED, WHAT THE
PRESIDENT DID, BECAUSE WE ARE A
COUNTRY OF PRESIDENT
, WE ARE A COUNTRY OF RULE OF
LAW, WE ARE A COUNTRY OF NORMS
AND TRADITIONS. ARE WE GOING TO
ALLOW THE VIOLATION OF OUR
NORMS, OUR TRADITIONS, OUR LEGAL
PRECEDENTS, BECAUSE AFTER ALL,
LIBRARY WAS NOT A CRIME, THERE
WAS NO CRIMINAL CODE WHEN THE
FRAMERS PASS THE CONSTITUTION
BUT THEY SAID BRIBERY IN THERE
AND WHAT BRIBERY MEANT WAS, I'M
OFFERING YOU
SOMETHING IF YOU DO SOMETHING
FOR ME. I'LL GIVE YOU THIS IN
OTHER WORDS, YOU GIVE ME THIS,
I'LL GIVE YOU THAT. THAT'S WHAT
WE HAD IN THIS CASE, THAT'S WHAT
BRIBERY MEANS, IT DOESN'T DEPEND
ON A STATUTE, IT DEPENDS ON WHAT
WE KNOW WAS DONE. AND SO, LET'S
NOT GET BOGGED DOWN IN
TECHNICALITIES AND IN CHARACTER
ASSASSINATION. LET'S KEEP OUR
EYE ON WHAT REALLY HAPPENED IN
THIS CASE AND WHETHER OR NOT OUR
CONSCIENCES
DICTATE THAT WE DO SOMETHING
ABOUT IT, WE CAN'T LET IT GO
UNADDRESSED. AND THE WAY THAT WE
DEAL WITH THIS GRAVE ABUSE OF
THE PUBLIC TRUST IS WITH THE
DRASTIC ACTION THAT IT REQUIRES
BECAUSE THIS IS A DRASTIC
CIRCUMSTANCE. THE DRASTIC ACTION
IS IMPEACHMENT AND THAT'S WHY WE
ARE HERE TODAY. AND I ASKED MY
COLLEAGUES TO LET YOUR
CONSCIENCE BE YOUR GUIDE. I
YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN I MOVED TO
STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, MY MIND IS
WOBBLED BY THE GENTLEMAN FROM
GEORGIA SAYING THAT BRIBERY WAS
OKAY UNTIL 1787 WHEN THE
CONSTITUTION WAS ADOPTED AND TWO
YEARS LATER WHEN CONGRESS PASSED
THE FIRST CRIMINAL CODE, FIRST
OF ALL THERE'S A COMMON LAW
DEFINITION OF BRIBERY, I THINK
PEOPLE REALIZE THAT
BRIBERY WAS NO GOOD BUT WE ALSO
HAVE CRIMINAL CODES IN EACH OF
THE 13
INDEPENDENT STATES, COLONIES
BEFORE THE DECLARATION OF
INDEPENDENCE.
>> WILL THE GENTLEMAN ANSWER MY
QUESTION?
>> NO, I DIDN'T INTERRUPT YOU.
>> THE GENTLEMAN HAS THE TIME.
>> OKAY. THE SECOND THING IS, IF
YOU, ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
AISLE, TO LEAVE THAT
JOE BIDEN IS A MAN WHO TELLS THE
TRUTH, YOU OUGHT TO SUPPORT THIS
AMENDMENT. BECAUSE JOE BIDEN,
EVER SINCE HUNTERS
INVOLVEMENT WITH BURISMA HAS
REPEATEDLY ASKED WHETHER HE MADE
ANY ARRANGEMENTS TO GET HUNTER
THIS REALLY CUSHY JOB. AND HE
SAID NO. OR MY SONS BUSINESS
INVOLVEMENT OR MY SONS AND I'M
NOT INVOLVED IN THAT. SO YOU PUT
JOE BIDEN'S IN YOUR ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT, WHEN THE REAL
MALEFACTOR IS HUNTER BIDEN.
HUNTER IS NOT RUNNING FOR
ANYTHING. AND
IF THE MALEFACTOR IS HUNTER
BIDEN, I GUESS YOUR CLAIM THAT
THE PRESIDENT WAS TRYING TO
INFLUENCE THE 2020 ELECTION,
WOULD GO OUT THE WINDOW. BUT IF
YOU THINK THAT JOE BIDEN IS A
MAN WHO TELLS THE TRUTH, AND
I'LL GIVE HIM THE BENEFIT OF THE
DOUBT BECAUSE I THINK HE
DESERVES IT. THEN LET'S GET RID
OF JOE BIDEN IN THE ARTICLE OF
IMPEACHMENT, SUBSTITUTE HIS SONS
NAME IN THERE, AND
PERCEIVE. I CHALLENGE YOU,
BECAUSE EVERYONE OF YOU THAT
WILL VOTE NO ON THIS AMENDMENT
IS GOING TO BE SAYING,
I THINK THAT JOE BIDEN IS A
LIAR. IF YOU DON'T THINK THAT
JOE BIDEN IS A LIAR, VOTE YES. I
YIELD THE BALANCE OF MY TIME TO
MR. GAETZ.
>> THANK YOU MR. CHAIRMAN AND
AGAIN, IT'S IMPORTANT TO ANALYZE
THE BURDEN OF PROOF HERE. IT'S
THE DEMOCRATS WHO ARE SAYING,
ANY QUESTION ABOUT THE BIDEN
SITUATION, BURISMA, IT COULD
ONLY BE AN ABUSE OF POWER. I
THINK THIS AMENDMENT REALLY
REFLECTS HOW THE PRESIDENT WAS
USING HIS POWER PERFECTLY.
ENTIRELY
APPROPRIATELY. IT ALSO SHOWS HOW
SCARED THEY ARE OF THE FACTS. IF
WE HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO CALL
IN THOSE WHO WERE ENGAGED IN,
WORK WITH THE UKRAINIAN EMBASSY,
IF WE ARE ABLE TO
BRING FORWARD HUNTER BIDEN, IF
WE ARE ABLE TO DEMONSTRATE THE
BIAS OF THE WHISTLEBLOWER, THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE WOULD SEE, WE
ARE NOT IN THIS DEBATE AND THIS
DISCUSSION, THAT THE PRESIDENT
ANYTHING WRONG OR
IMPEACHABLE, WE ARE HERE
FUNDAMENTALLY BECAUSE THEY
CANNOT ACCEPT THE FACT THAT HE
WON THE 2016 ELECTION. I THINK
ALL AMERICANS KNOW THE PRESIDENT
HAS A DIFFERENT APPROACH BUT TO
ACCEPT THEIR STANDARD WOULD MEAN
THAT IF SOMEONE ANNOUNCES THAT
THEY ARE RUNNING FOR OFFICE,
IT'S KIND OF LIKE AN INSTANT
IMMUNITY DEAL FOR ANYTHING THEY
WOULD EVER DO. I MEAN, ARE THEY
REALLY SAYING, THAT IF JOE
BIDEN, HUNTER BIDEN, BURISMA,
WERE ENGAGED IN SOME CORRUPT ACT
THAT JUST BECAUSE JOE BIDEN
ANNOUNCED THE PRESIDENCY, THAT
WOULD SOMEHOW ABSOLVE HIM OF THE
CRIMINAL ACTIVITY? IT'S A
LUDICROUS POSITION. MAYBE IT'S
INFORMED BY THE FACT THAT YOU
ALL GOT A LITTLE LUCKY ON THE
HILLARY CLINTON STUFF, SHE
THOUGHT THAT BECAUSE SHE WAS IN
A PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION, THAT
HER CRIMES DIDN'T HAVE TO BE
HELD TO ACCOUNT
IN A WAY, THAT TURNED OUT TO BE
THE CASE. BUT YOU KNOW WHAT, IT
SHOULDN'T BE THE STANDARD IN THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND I'M
GLAD THAT WE HAVE A PRESIDENT
WHO IS AT TIMES, SKEPTICAL OF
THIS
FOREIGN AID, WHO DOES PUT
AMERICA FIRST THAT UNDERSTANDS
THAT IN CORRUPT PLACES, THE
RESOURCES WE PROVIDE DON'T
ALWAYS MAKE IT TO AN AREA OF
NEED BUT WE CONCLUDE WITH THIS,
ONCE THE MEETINGS HAPPENED THAT
DEMONSTRATED THAT PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY WAS A TRUE REFORMER,
THAT HE WASN'T CORRUPT, THAT HE
WAS HONEST, HONEST FROM THE
POINT OF HIS CAMPAIGN ALL THE
WAY UP UNTIL THE POINT WHEN HE
SAID THERE WAS NO PRESSURE PUT
ON HIM OR HIS GOVERNMENT FOR THE
STATE.  YOU ACCEPT THAT
PROPOSITION, IT'S VERY CLEAR
THAT THE PRESIDENT WAS ENTIRELY
APPROPRIATE IN THOSE QUESTIONS
I'VE GOT TO SAY, NOW WE HAVE
REACHED THE POINT IN TIME WHERE
PRESIDENT TRUMP ISN'T THE ONLY
PRESIDENT BEING ATTACKED IN THIS
HEARING. THE GENTLEMAN FROM
TENNESSEE WENT AFTER PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY AS AN ACTOR,
POLITICIAN, THEY PRESUME HE WAS
A LIAR WHEN HE SAID THERE'S
NOTHING WRONG.
>> MY NAME WAS CALLED CAN I
RESPOND?
>> IT JUST SHOWS THE ABSURDITY
--
>> I WAS ASKING IF I COULD
RESPOND BECAUSE MY NAME WAS
CALLED.
>> NO.
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>>
THE LADY IS RECOGNIZED.
>> I THINK THE CHAIRMAN. THIS IS
ABOUT DISTRACTION, DISTRACTION,
DISTRACTION. THREE HOURS SAYING
THEY DID NOT TARGET THE VIOLENCE
NOW THEY'RE SAYING THAT HE DID
SO WHICH IS IT? I'M HOLDING THE
CLASSIFIED UNCLASSIFIED
CONVERSATION AND LET ME JUST
CLARIFY A CERTAIN POINT, AND
THAT POINT IS THAT I DID READ
THE TRANSCRIPT AND IT DID SAY US
, BUT THERE'S NOTHING IN THE
PRESIDENT'S NOTE THAT EVEN
SUGGESTED THAT THE QUESTION THAT
HE ASKED
BEFORE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. IN
TESTIMONY BY MR. GOLDMAN WHO
OBVIOUSLY WENT THROUGH EVERY
ASPECT OF THIS, I ASKED THE
QUESTION, ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT
THE PRESIDENT SAID ANYTHING FROM
THE NOTES THAT ARE
GIVEN THE BRIEFING THAT IS GIVEN
BY THOSE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. STAFF
OF THE NATIONAL SECURITY
COUNCIL, THE STATE DEPARTMENT,
THE DEFENSE DEPARTMENT ON
CORRUPTION. HE DIDN'T SPEAK
ANYTHING ABOUT CORRUPTION THAT
HE WAS BRIEFED ON. AND IF YOU GO
THROUGH THE CALL, HE CONTINUES
TO MENTION THE BIDEN'S. AND SO,
THIS AGAIN, IS ABOUT UKRAINE.
THE PRESIDENT DID ASK UKRAINE,
THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE, A
VULNERABLE LEADER OF A COUNTRY
THAT IS FLEDGLING AND TRYING TO
SURVIVE
. NOW LET ME SAY THAT I INTEND
TO INTRODUCE INTO THE RECORD, AN
ARTICLE THAT INDICATED VERY
CLEARLY, THAT PEOPLE DID DIE.
TRUMP FROZE MILITARY AID AS
UKRAINIANS SOCIALIST
-- I ASKED CONSENT TO SUBMIT
THAT TO THE RECORD. THE FACTS
ARE, -- THE FACTS ARE, PRESIDENT
TRUMP PROVIDED $510 MILLION IN
EIGHT IN 2017 AND 359 MILLION IN
2018 BUT HE WANTED TO STOP IN
, THE YEAR OR MONTHS BEFORE THE
2020 ELECTION. IN ADDITION,
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S ADVISORS
CONFIRMED THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
INVESTIGATION, 2016
ELECTION INTERFERENCE AND THE
BIDEN'S WERE NOT U.S. POLICY.
AND AS WELL, THEY HAVE DEBUNKED
ANY ASSOCIATION
THAT THERE WAS ANYTHING TO THE
IMPROPRIETY OF THE FORMER VICE
PRESIDENT AND HIS SERVICE AS IT
RELATED TO UKRAINE.
I THINK IT'S ALSO IMPORTANT THE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE
STATE DEPARTMENT CONFIRMED THAT
UKRAINE HAD MET ALL BENCHMARKS
AND THE AID SHOULD BE RELEASED,
THAT IS THE POLICY OF THE UNITED
STATES OF AMERICA. THERE WAS NO
NEED FOR THIS PRESIDENT TO AN
ESSENCE, TRY TO MAKE UP HIS OWN
POLICY. IN HIS OWN STATEMENT OF
ADMINISTRATIVE POLICIES, AND I
ASKED UNANIMOUS CONSENT TO HAVE
THOSE IN THE RECORD, THIS FROM
THE WHITE HOUSE, NOTHING IN THIS
SAID TO DISCUSS CORRUPTION
. WHY? BECAUSE UKRAINE HAD
ALREADY MET THE STANDARDS OF
INDEPENDENT
EXECUTIVE AGENCIES THAT THEY HAD
MET THAT STANDARD OF CORRUPTION,
THAT MONEY SHOULD HAVE BEEN
RELEASED. AND WE WELL KNOW AS
THE PROCESS OF THE WHISTLEBLOWER
AND THE TIMING THAT PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY , DESPERATE FOR MONEY,
PEOPLE DYING IN THE FIELD, WAS
ASKED TO DO A CNN ANNOUNCEMENT.
AND HE WAS GOING TO BE
ONE OF CNN'S WELL-KNOWN SHOWS
DEALING WITH INTERNATIONAL
POLITICS. BUT IT WAS STOPPED IN
ITS TRACKS, AS TESTIFIED BY
WITNESSES, UNDER OATH, BECAUSE
OF THE WHISTLEBLOWERS STATEMENT.
LET ME BE VERY CLEAR, THERE IS
SOME REPRESENTATION OF CRIME,
CRIME, CRIME. FIRST OF ALL, OUR
SCHOLARS INDICATE
THAT THESE ARE IMPEACHABLE
OFFENSES, THE CONDUCT OF THE
PRESIDENT IS IMPEACHABLE AND
THERE'S ENOUGH EVIDENCE TO SHOW.
BUT AS I INDICATED YESTERDAY,
THIS MY FRIENDS, IS A LEGAL
DOCUMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION. IT
IS A LEGAL DOCUMENT. YOU CAN
BREACH AND VIOLATE THE LAW OF
THE CONSTITUTION. THERE ARE
CONSTITUTIONAL CRIMES, AND THE
VASTNESS OF THE IMPEACHMENT
PROCESS DOES INCLUDE THE EXCESS
OF POWER I THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES. NOW, I KNEW
BARBARA JORDAN AND MY FRIENDS
WANTED TO QUOTE HER
, SHE ALSO SAID, THE FRAMERS
CONFIDED IN THE CONGRESS OF
POWER IF NEED BE, TO REMOVE A
PRESIDENT IN ORDER TO STRIKE A
DELICATE BALANCE BETWEEN A
PRESIDENT SWOLLEN WITH POWER AND
PRESERVATION OF THE INDEPENDENCE
OF THE EXECUTIVE. YOU CAN
VIOLATE THE CRIMES OF THE
CONSTITUTION, ABUSE OF POWER
INCLUDES THAT,
THIS AMENDMENT SHOULD BE
DEFEATED.
>> THE GENTLE LADY, THE TIME HAS
EXPIRED.
>> MR. CHAIR?
>>
MOVE TO STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> I WANT TO ANSWER MY COLLEAGUE
FROM GEORGIA MR. JOHNSON'S
QUESTION THAT HE ASKED BEFORE.
IS IT EVER OKAY TO INVITE A
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT TO BECOME
INVOLVED IN AN ELECTION
INVOLVING A POLITICAL OPPONENT,
THE ANSWER IS YES. IT BETTER BE,
WE DO IT ALL THE TIME. HAVE YOU
THAT QUICKLY FORGOTTEN HOW THE
TRUMP RUSSIA INVESTIGATION
PROCEEDED QUESTION MARK THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION ASKED GREAT
WRITTEN AND ITALY AND AUSTRALIA
TO ASSIST IN ITS INVESTIGATION
OF A PERSON WHO WAS A POLITICAL
OPPONENT, FROM THE OPPOSITE
PARTY I KEEP HEARING OVER AND
OVER AGAIN YOU CAN'T INVESTIGATE
POLITICAL OPPONENTS. WE HAVE A
MEMBER OF THIS COMMITTEE WHO WAS
AS A MEMBER OF THIS COMMITTEE
AND THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE,
INVESTIGATING HIS POLITICAL
OPPONENT, DONALD TRUMP AT THE
VERY MOMENT HE WAS RUNNING TO
REPLACE HIM AS PRESIDENT. MY
CALLING ON THE INTEL COMMITTEE,
MR. CASTRO WAS INVESTIGATING
PRESIDENT TRUMP AT THE VERY SAME
MOMENT HIS BROTHER WAS RUNNING
TO REPLACE PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP, THE ONLY ONE
WITH THE REALLY LEGITIMATE
REASON TO BE DOING IT. HE IS THE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE.
CHIEF EXECUTIVE. WE ARE IN THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, RIGHT? WE
DO UNDERSTAND THE CONSTITUTION,
WE UNDERSTAND THAT THE PRESIDENT
IS THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH. AND ALL
POWER IN THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH
DERIVES FROM THE PRESIDENT. AND
THE PRESIDENT CAN AND SHOULD ASK
FOR ASSISTANCE FROM FOREIGN
GOVERNMENTS AND ONGOING CRIMINAL
INVESTIGATIONS. THERE WAS AN
ONGOING CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION
INTO WHAT HAPPENED IN THE 2016,
ATTORNEY GENERAL BARR, HAD LONG
BEFORE THE APPOINTED U.S.
ATTORNEY JOHN DURHAM TO
INVESTIGATE EXACTLY THAT ISSUE.
IT WASN'T JUST APPROPRIATE, IT
WAS ABSOLUTELY THE PRESIDENT'S
CONSTITUTIONAL DUTY. AND HUNTER
BIDEN? THE PRESIDENT HAS, AS THE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE, THE ABILITY TO
ASK ABOUT MATTERS WHERE THERE IS
A
PRIMA FACIE CASE OF CORRUPTION,
WHAT DO WE HAVE IN RESPECT TO
HUNTER BIDEN? TONS OF MONEY FOR
A POSITION WHERE HE HAS NO
UKRAINIAN EXPERIENCE, WHERE HE
HAS NO EXPERIENCE WITH UKRAINE
OR WITH ENERGY AND AT THE VERY
SAME TIME,
THE UKRAINIANS WERE DECIDING
THAT HUNTER BIDEN WAS THE
PERFECT PERSON TO GET THAT
SWEETHEART DEAL, THE CHINESE
WERE DECIDING THAT HUNTER BIDEN
WAS THE PERFECT PERSON TO GET A
SWEETHEART DEAL TO MANAGE $1.5
MILLION IN FINANCIAL ASSETS. AND
WHEN THE UKRAINIAN GOVERNMENT
WANTED TO INVESTIGATE CORRUPTION
, LIKE WE ALL KEEP TALKING
ABOUT, THEY NEED TO, THEY START
INVESTIGATING THE REASON AND
WHAT HAPPENS, JOE BIDEN SAYS YOU
BETTER FIRE THAT PROSECUTOR
INVESTIGATING CORRUPTION
INTO BURISMA, OR YOU ARE NOT
GOING TO GET $1 BILLION AND SIX
HOURS LATER, THAT'S WHAT
HAPPENED. THAT'S CALLED
INFLUENCE PEDDLING, THAT IS A
CRIME. AND THERE IS A PRIMA
FACIE CASE OF THAT. AND IT'S
ABSOLUTELY APPROPRIATE FOR A
PRESIDENT TO ASK ABOUT THAT. I
YIELD TO MY FRIEND
.
>> I JUST WANT TO RESPOND TO THE
COMMENTS FROM THE GENTLE LADY
FROM TEXAS SHE SAID THE
PRESIDENT MADE UP HIS OWN
POLICY, WELL THAT'S HOW IT WORKS
IN OUR COUNTRY. YOU GET YOUR
NAME ON A BALLOT, YOU RUN FOR
OFFICE, YOU GO TALK TO THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE, THEY EVALUATED
ALL AND ON ELECTION DAY
THEY DECIDE WHO THEY WANT MAKING
THE POLICY, THAT'S HOW IT WORKS
IN OUR COUNTRY. IT'S NOT THE
UNELECTED PEOPLE, TELLING THE
ELECTED INDIVIDUAL HOW WE DO
THINGS. BECAUSE THE ON ELECTED
PEOPLE AREN'T DIRECTLY
ACCOUNTABLE TO THE PEOPLE. IS
WHAT MAKES OUR SYSTEM THE BEST,
THE GREATEST, AND WHEN YOU TURN
THAT ON ITS HEAD, THAT'S WHEN
YOU GET PROBLEMS. AND WE SAW IT
HAPPEN, BECAUSE WE SAW
CHUCK'S ESSAY ON 2017, WHEN YOU
MESS WITH THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY, THEY HAVE SIX WAYS
FROM SUNDAY AT GETTING BACK AT
YOU. THAT IS A SCARY STATEMENT
BECAUSE THAT IS SAYING THE
UNELECTED PEOPLE CAN GET BACK AT
THE PERSON WHO PUT THEIR NAME ON
A BALLOT AND GOT ELECTED TO HIGH
OFFICE. THE HIGHEST OFFICE IN
THIS SITUATION. SO, FOR SOMEONE
IN THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS TO
SAY THE PRESIDENT MADE UP HIS
OWN POLICY AND SOMEHOW THAT'S
WRONG, THAT SHOULD BE A
FRIGHTENING POSITION TO TAKE BUT
I GUESS THAT'S WHERE THE
DEMOCRATS ARE TODAY. IN THEIR
QUEST TO GO AFTER THIS PRESIDENT
TAKING STATEMENTS LIKE THAT
STATEMENT BY OUR COLLEAGUE AND
STATEMENTS BY SENATOR SCHUMER. I
YIELD BACK.
>> WHAT PURPOSE
?
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> THERE ARE ISSUES FOR THE
ELECTION AND THERE ARE ISSUES
FOR THIS COMMITTEE. THE BEHAVIOR
OF VICE PRESIDENTS BIDEN SON AND
FRANKLY THE BEHAVIOR OF
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S TWO SONS AND
DAUGHTER MAY BE DISCUSSED IN THE
ELECTION. BUT HERE, WE ARE
TALKING ABOUT THE ABUSE OF
PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY, THE
PRESIDENT MUST TAKE CARE THAT
THE LAWS BE FAITHFULLY EXECUTED.
WE KNOW, FROM THE EMAILS FROM
THE STATE DEPARTMENT TO THE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE,
THAT THE UKRAINIANS KNEW THAT
THE AIDE WAS BEING WITHHELD,
THAT'S DOCUMENTARY EVIDENCE. WE
ALSO KNOW, THAT WHATEVER WAS
GOING ON THAT PEOPLE MIGHT NOT
LIKE
WITH THE VICE PRESIDENT SON AND
THE VICE PRESIDENT, THAT WAS
KNOWN IN 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018,
BUT IT WASN'T UNTIL VICE
PRESIDENT BIDEN WAS BEATING
PRESIDENT TRUMP IN THE POLLS,
THAT THIS ISSUE WAS RAISED, TO
TRY AND FORCE A FOREIGN COUNTRY
TO INVENT AN INVESTIGATION TO BE
USED POLITICALLY. THAT IS NOT
SEEING THAT THE LAWS ARE
FAITHFULLY EXECUTED. THAT IS AN
ABUSE OF PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY
AND I WOULD YIELD NOW TO THE
GENTLEMAN FROM FLORIDA.
>> IT'S BEEN ABOUT THREE HOURS
SINCE I MADE THIS POINT I GUESS
IT NEEDS TO BE MADE AGAIN FROM
TIME TO TIME, WE CAN'T SIMPLY
ALLOW THE MISCHARACTERIZATION
AND THE MISSTATEMENT OF THE
RULES, THE HISTORY OF THE RULES,
AND HOUSE RESOLUTIONS
, WE CAN'T STAND FOR IT, I WANT
TO ADDRESS AGAIN
IT IS ABSOLUTELY TRUE THAT IS
THE CASE OVER 50 YEARS AGO WHEN
THE RULE WAS WRITTEN AND SAID
IT'S NORMAL PROCEDURE FOR
WITNESSES REPRESENTING BOTH
SIDES TO REPRESENT TESTIMONY AT
HEARINGS, THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED
AT THE DECEMBER 4 MEETING LET'S
BE HONEST ABOUT THE RULES, AND
HOUSE RESOLUTION 660 IT PROVIDES
AN OPPORTUNITY
>> AMBASSADOR VOLKER, TRUMP
APPOINTEE, THEY ALL CONFIRMED
THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP PRESSURED A
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT TO TARGET AN
AMERICAN CYST FROM POLITICAL
GAIN AND AT THE SAME TIME HELD
WITHOUT JUSTIFICATION 391 $391
MILLION IN MILITARY AID
UNDERMINING AMERICA'S NATIONAL
SECURITY. LET'S LOOK AT
AMBASSADOR VOLKER'S TESTIMONY.
HE TESTIFIED ABOUT THE ISSUE OF
RAISING THE 2016 ELECTIONS OF
VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN, ALL OF
THESE THINGS I CONSIDERED TO BE
CONSPIRACY THEORIES.
WHAT WAS HIS RESPONSE?  IT WAS
PRETTY SIMPLE.  QUOTE.  I THINK
THE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST VICE
PRESIDENT BIDEN A SELF-SERVING
AND NOT CREDIBLE.  THAT'S WHAT
THIS IS ALL ABOUT.  I YIELDBACK.
>> CHAIRMAN, I YIELD BACK.
>> THE YOUNG LADY YIELDS BACK.
WE SEEK RECOGNITION?
>> IN SUPPORT OF THE AMENDMENT.
>> DESIRE TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> THANK YOU, CHAIRMAN.
>> GENTLEMAN IS READY.
>> YOU KNOW, IT'S AMAZING, WE'RE
HEARING FROM THE SAME PEOPLE
ACCUSING US OF COVERING UP, NOT
WILLING TO FACE THE TRUTH.
THEY'RE THE SAME ARGUMENTS WE'VE
BEEN HEARING FOR 3 YEARS NOW.
FIRST IT WAS ACCUSING
US NOT BEING WILLING TO FACE THE
FACTS AND THE PRESIDENT IN
COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA.  THOSE
TURNED OUT TO BE LIES.  WE WERE
RIGHT, AND THOSE NOT FACING THE
TRUTH WERE THE ONES NOT FACING
THE TRUTH.  WE HEARD ABOUT ALL
KINDS OF OTHER ALLEGATIONS, AND
WE SAID WAIT, THAT DOESN'T
APPEAR TO BE SUPPORTIVE, OR WE
WEREN'T FACING THE TRUTH.  AND
IT WAS A LOT OF MEDIA SUPPORT
FOR THOSE POSITIONS.
BUT WE STILL
PERSISTED THAT WE WERE THE ONES
THAT WERE RIGHT.  AND WE WERE
RIGHT. THEY HAPPEN WRONG, AND
WE'RE NOT HEARING ANYONE COME IN
AND SAY WE'RE REALLY SORRY WHEN
WE ACCUSED YOU OF NOT BEING
SAFE.  YOU WERE RIGHT IT WAS NO
RUSSIA COLLUSION.  YOU WERE
RIGHT.  IT WAS NO EXTORG, AND MY
FRIENDS ACROSS THE AISLE KEEP
CHANGING THE SUBJECT.  WHAT THE
CALL MADE CLEAR IS THAT WE'RE
INTERESTED IN FINDING OUT ABOUT
IF IT WAS UKRAINIAN COLLUSION OR
INTERFERENCE IN OUR ELECTION.
NOW, IT'S AMAZING HOW THE
MAJORITY CAN TAKE TWO POSITIONS
THAT
COUNTER INDICATE EACH OTHER.
FIRST OF ALL, YOU SAID IT WAS NO
EFFORT BY REPUBLICANS INCLUDING
PRESIDENT TRUMP TO STOP
INTERFERENCE FROM FOREIGN
COUNTRIES.  WE HEAR THAT OVER
AND OVER INCLUDING YESTERDAY AND
TODAY.  AND REALLY THE ONLY WAY
TO STEP UP AND DO WHAT PRESIDENT
OBAMA REFUSED TO DO, IF YOU
REMEMBER PRESIDENT OBAMA
BELITTLED PRESIDENT TRUMP,
CANDIDATE TRUMP FOR SAYING HE
CONCERNED ABOUT OUTSIDE
INTERFERENCE, AND IN FACT,
PRESIDENT TRUMP MADE A MOCKERY
ABOUT THOSE WHO THEY THOUGHT HE
MIGHT MOCK SOMEONE WHO WOULD
INTERFERE WITH THE ELECTIONS. HE
WOULDN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT
OUTSIDE INTERFERENCE BECAUSE
APPARENTLY HE MUST HAVE THOUGHT
THE OUTSIDE INTERFERENCE WOULD
HELP HILLARY CLINTON, AND WE
HEARD IT WAS PEOPLE CERTAINLY
ACCUSED IN UKRAINE OF DOING ALL
THEY COULD TO HELP HILLARY
CLINTON.  IN FACT, IT WAS
UNHEARD OF TO HAVE A FOREIGN
AMBASSADOR IN OUR COUNTRY STEP
UP AND COME OUT WITH SUPPORT FOR
HILLARY CLINTON.  SO WHAT WE
CONTINUE TO SEE IS
PROJECTING SOMEBODY ON THEIR
SIDE ENGAGES IN ILLEGAL OR
IMPROPER CONDUCT, AND THAT'S
WHAT THEY ACCUSE PRESIDENT TRUMP
OF DOING, AND ALL OF THIS
SELF-RIGHTEOUSNESS ABOUT
POLITICAL PURPOSES, AND I MEAN
THIS IS THE TRANSCRIPT FROM 1943
WHEN PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT WAS
TALKING TO MARSHAL STALIN.  HE'S
TALKING TO STALIN. THIS IS
APPARENTLY A MEETING, AND HE
WANTED TO TALK TO HIM ABOUT
INTERNAL AMERICAN POLITICS.
AND FROM STENOGRAPHERS, THEY SAY
THAT PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT WAS
THERE IN THE UNITED STATES, 6 TO
7 MILLION AMERICANS,
ABSTRACTION, THE POLITICAL MAP,
HE DIDN'T WANT TO LOSE THEIR
VOTES, AND HE WAS EXPLAINING HE
DIDN'T WANT TO GO PUBLIC.  HE
DIDN'T CARE BASICALLY WHEN THE
SOVIET UNION TOOK OVER POLAND.
HE DIDN'T CARE WHEN THEY CUT
DOWN POLAND'S BORDERS FROM THE
EAST TO THE WEST, AND HE GOES ON
TO SAY, JOKINGLY THAT WHEN THE
SOVIET
ARMIES ACUPAY
OCCUPY AND INVADE AND ACUPAY, HE
DIDN'T WANT TO GO TO WAR BUT
CONTINUES TO EMPHASIZE THINGS HE
CAN'T GO PUBLIC WITH.  THESE
THINGS HAVE GONE ON BY DEMOCRATS
FOR MANY DECADES.
AND HERE THEY COME AFTER THE ONE
GUY, HE WANTS TO GET TO THE
BOTTOM OF 2016 FOREIGN
INTERFERENCE, WHAT DO THEY
ACCUSE HIM OF?  GETTING FOREIGN
INTERFERENCE.  NO, YOU CAN'T
RULE OUT FOREIGN INTERFERENCE
UNTIL YOU KNOW WHAT IT WAS. YOU
CAN'T HAVE IT BOTH WAYS.  WELL,
I GUESS THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY CAN
HAVE IT BOTH WAYS, BUT THIS HAS
GOT TO STOP BEFORE IT GOES TO
YOU MUCH FURTHER.  I YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK,
AND SEEK RECOGNITION.
WHAT PURPOSE ARE YOU SEEKING
RECOGNITION?
>> FOR A STRIKE.
>> GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> I HAD YOU WERE RECOGNIZING
THE WRONG GUY THAT SHOULD HAVE
BEEN BIDEN AND THAT UKRAINE WAS
THE THIRD MOST CORRUPT NATION ON
EARTH AND THAT HUNTER BIDEN HAD
JUST PUT HIMSELF RIGHT SNACK DAB
IN THE MIDDLE OF THAT
CORRUPTION, AND EVEN THOUGH
DEMOCRATS AND MANY OF THEIR
FRIENDS IN THE MEDIA WOULD HAVE
YOU BELIEVE THAT THIS BURISMA,
BIDEN CORRUPTION, THAT THIS WAS
ALL A VAST RIGHT WING CONSPIRACY
ALLEGATION, WHEN IN ACTUALLY, IT
WAS THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION
THAT RAISED THIS ISSUES FIRST.
BACK IN 2015 GEORGE KENT RAISED
HIS CONCERNS ABOUT BIDEN TO THE
OFFICE, AND THE FORMER
AMBASSADOR TO UKRAINE MARIE
YOVANOVITCH, SORRY ABOUT THAT
SAID SHE WAS COACHED BY THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION ON HOW TO
ANSWER
PESKY QUESTIONS ABOUT BITEEN AND
BURISMA THAT MIGHT ARISE IN HER
INTELLIGENCE CONFERENCE.  AND
NEARLY EVERY PERSON AGREED THAT
HUNTER BIDEN'S BURISMA DEAL
CREATED AT THE VERY LEAST A
CONFLICT OF INTEREST.  YET THE
DEMOCRATS ON THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE AND NOW DEMOCRATS IN
THIS COMMITTEE ARE DETERMINED TO
SWEEP ALL OF THIS UNDER THE RUG
AND IGNORE IT, NOT LET US
CO-WITNESS ON IT.  AND INSTEAD
RUSH TO IMPEACH THIS PRESIDENT.
YOU'VE
GOT THE VICE PRESIDENT RECEIVING
COPOLICY AND SON
HUNTER BIDEN RECEIVING OVER
$150,000 A MONTH EVEN THOUGH HE
HAD NO EXPERTISE IN ENERGY OR IN
UKRAINE.  YET THEY WOULDN'T LET
US CALL WITNESSES OR DELVE INTO
THIS.  AND IT WAS INTERESTING
THAT JOE BIDEN GOT INTO AN
ARGUMENT WITH A MAN THAT ONE OF
HIS EVENTS IN IOWA RECENTLY
CALLED THE MAN A LIAR AND
CHALLENGED HIM TO A PUSHUP
CONTEST AND SPOUTED OFF A BUNCH
OF OTHER MALARKEY, AND NOW THE
COMMITTEE, THIS COMMITTEE IS
CONDUCTOR AN IMPEACHMENT
INVESTIGATION BASED ON AS
PROFESSOR TURLEY PUT IT
RECENTLY, THIN EVIDENCE AND
EVIDENCE THAT DOESN'T SMELL
RIGHT, WAFER THEN EVIDENCE.  AND
THIS WAS A PROFESS WHO
ACKNOWLEDGED HE DIDN'T VOTE FOR
PRESIDENT TRUMP.  IN FACT ALL
FOUR WITNESSES THAT TESTIFIED,
NONE OF THEM HAD VOTED FOR HIM.
HE SAID WAFER THIN EVIDENCE,
THAT'S WHAT WE'RE CALLED TO
IMPEACH A PRESIDENT ON.  AND
WHILE WE'RE DOING THAT, THERE
ARE SO MANY THINGS GETTING
IGNORED. IT WAS ONE THING THAT
USMCA TRADE DEAL WHICH IS VERY
IMPORTANT TO REPLACE NAFTA, IT
LOOKS LIKE WE MIGHT GETS ACROSS
THE FINISHLINE.  I HOPE SO.  IT
WILL GEE FOR THE COUNTRY.  IT'S
BIPARTISAN.  BUT I THINK IF
ANYTHING GOOD COMES OUT OF THE
IMPEACHMENT, IT WILL GET PAST
BECAUSE THE DEMOCRATS WANT TO
SHOW WE DID SOMETHING. WE DID
SOMETHING.  VERY LITTLE IS
PASSED IN THE LAW.  WE HAVE
68,000 AMERICANS WHO DIED FROM
OPIOID OVERDOSES FROM LAST YEAR
ALONE. I THINK IT WAS 70,000 THE
YEAR BEFORE THAT, AND EVEN
THOUGH THE NUMBER HAS GONE DOWN
A BIT, IT'S NOT NECESSARILY
BECAUSE WE'RE DOING A WHOLE LOT
BETTER, IT WAS BECAUSE NOT QUITE
AS MANY PEOPLE ARE DYING, BUT
THERE'S JUST AS MANY PEOPLE THAT
ARE INVOLVED WITH THIS SCOURGE,
THESE OPIOIDS AND OTHER DRUGS.
OUR SOUTHERN
BORDER IS --  WEHAVE FAR TOO
MANY PEOPLE COMING ACROSS THE
BORDER.  THAT'S SOMETHING WE
SHOULD WORK ON AND OUR ASYLUM
LAWS THAT NEED TO BE REFORMED.
WE HAVE A $22 TRILLION DEBT
HANGING OVER OUR LED. THE REASON
I MENTIONED THESE THINGS IS
BECAUSE THIS COMMITTEE ISN'T
DOING A THING AND SPENDING ALL
OUR TIME ON IMPEACHMENT IN ONE
FORM OR THE OTHER.  I HAVE A
BILL, A BALANCED BUDGET
AMENDMENT WHICH ACTUALLY MOVING
IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION AND DOING
SOMETHING ABOUT THAT, WE SHOULD
HAVE DONE IT YEARS AGO, THOSE
ARE ALL IN OUR JURISDICTION,
INFRASTRUCTURE, NOT IN OUR
JURISDICTION, BUT UNITED STATES
CONGRESS MIGHT ACT ON IT.  WE
HAVE HIGHWAYS AND BRIDGES
CRUMBLING IN THIS COUNTRY.
CITES SOMETHING WE GENERALLY
AGREE ON. BUT THE DEMOCRATS
DON'T WANT THEM TO TAKE ANY
CREDIT FOR THAT.  THAT'S
UNLIKELY TO HAPPEN.  IT'S
UNFORTUNATE TAKING UP ALL ALL
THIS TIME ON IMPEACHMENT WHEN
IT'S SO MANY THINGS WE SHOULD BE
WORKING ON FOR THE BENEFIT FOR
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
>> MR. JORDAN, DO YOU SEEK
RECOGNITION?
>> I YIELD TO THE RANKING
MEMBER.
>> I MEANTED TO SAY QUICKLY, IT
IS AMAZING THAT THEY GOT REALLY
EXPENSIVE ABOUT PROCESS ON THE
MAJORITY SIDE WHEN WE POINTED
OUT THE TRAGEDY AND TRAVESTY OF
BEING A RUBBERSTAMP IN THIS
COMMITTEE AND GENTLEMAN FROM
FLORIDA BROUGHT UP A COUPLE OF
THINGS. LET ME REMIND, THE WHITE
HOUSE
AND EVERYTHING, JUST LIKE
EVERYTHING ELSE, IT ALL GOES TO
THE WHIM AND WHIMBER OF THE
CHAIRMAN AND MAJORITY.  THEY
CAN'T DO ANYTHING THEY WANT.  IT
ALL GOES BACK TO THE MAJORITY
OPINION.  I YIELD BACK.
>> YIELD TO THE GENTLEMAN FROM
FLORIDA.
>> THANK YOU FOR YIELDING. THEY
CAN'T BE CLEAN IF PRESIDENT
TRUMP CAN'T BE RESPONSIBLE FOR
ABUSE OF POWER.  THEY CANT PROVE
THE QUESTION INTO THE BIDENS ARE
UNREASONABLE. THE GENTLEMAN FROM
NEW YORK SAID YOU'RE NOT
LISTENING TO THE WITNESSES.  I
LISTENED VERY CLOSELY TOOCH
WITNESSES.  I HEARD MR. KENT SAY
THEY WERE SO CONCERNED ABOUT
BURISMA, THEY HAD TO PULL BACK.
SO IF IT'S OKAY FOR KENT TO ASK
QUESTIONS WHY NOT THE PRESIDENT?
I LISTENED TO YOVANOVITCH, AND
SHE SAID IT'S PREPARATION TO ASK
STICKY QUESTIONS ABOUT WHY THE
VICE PRESIDENT'S SON WAS OFF
MOONLIGHTING FOR FOREIGN
COUNTRY.  IF IT'S OKAY FOR THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION TO ASK
THOSE QUESTIONS, WHY NOT
PRESIDENT TRUMP TO ASK THOSE
QUESTIONS? HERE'S ONE THING I
KNOW.  CORRUPT PEOPLE, THEY
DON'T JUST STEAL ONCE.  THEY GET
INTO THIS CYCLE AND CULTURE OF
CORRUPTION, AND IT'S
DISAPPOINTING.  I READ BACK TO
THIS NEW YORKER ARTICLE.  I'M
READING DIRECTLY FROM IT.  ONE
OF
CATHELENE MOTIONS IS IN REGARDS
TO A LARGE DIAMOND.  WHEN ASKED
ABOUT IT, HE TOLD ME HE HAD BEEN
GIVEN THE DIAMOND BY A LARGE
ENERGY TYCOON. HE TOLD ME TWO
ASSOCIATES ACCOMPANIED HIM IN
MIAMI, AND THEY SURPRISED HIM BY
GIVING HIM A RARE VINTAGE OF
SCOTCH WORTH THOUSANDS OF
DOLLARS.  THIS GUY WASN'T JUST
TAKING THESE WEIRD JOBS FROM THE
UKRAINIANS. HE WAS TAKING
DIAMONDS AND SCOTCH FROM THE
CHINESE, AND I THINK IT IS
ENTIRELY APPROPRIATE FOR THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
TO FIGURE OUT WHY THAT'S THE
CASE. THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
WATCHING TODAY KNOW THIS ISN'T
AN IMPEACHMENT MOVEMENT.  IT'S
LOSING STEAM.  I WAS WATCHING
THE HEARING ON THE WAY IN THIS
MORNING, MAYBE ONE OF THE ONLY
FOLKS, BUT I WAS WATCHING, AND I
HEARD GLORIA SAY THE POLLING ON
IMPEACHMENT IS BAD FOR
DEMOCRATS.  I HEARD THE CHAIRMAN
SAY THAT HE HAD GOB ON CN T KWS
ONCE WE HAD ALL OF THESE PUBLIC
HEARINGS, AND WE'LL ANIMATE ALL
OF THESE SUPPORT FROM HEARINGS.
WELL, NOW YOU'VE HAD THE
HEARINGS AND CALLED WITNESSES,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?  YOU'RE
LOSING GROUND.  YOU'RE LOSING
GROUND WITH THE VOTERS AND EVEN
WITH YOUR OWN DEMOCRATIC
COLLEAGUES.  I BELIEVE SOME OF
THE REPORTING I'VE SEEN ARE
BEGGING YOU TO PURSUE SOMETHING
OTHER THAN IMPEACHMENT.  THIS
BLOOD LOSS FOR UMPEACHMENT IS
NOT GOING TO BE VISITED ON US OR
PRESIDENT TRUMP. IT'S GOING TO
BE VISITED ON YOUR OWN MEMBERS,
AND THEY'RE ASKING YOU NOT TO DO
THIS. THE ONLY STANDARD THAT
SPEAKER PELOSI AND SPEAKER
CHAIRMAN SCHIFF SAID, IT HAS TO
BE BIPARTISAN. THEY SAID IT ALL
THROUGHOUT THE CALENDER YEAR.
BUT THE ONLY THING THAT CHANGED
IS NOT THE STRENGTHENING OF THE
EVIDENCE.  IT'S GOING INTO THE
ELECTION, AND THEY TAKEN A LOOK
OF THE DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATES,
AND THEY REALIZE THEY TO TAKE A
LOOK BECAUSE THEY'RE NOT CAPABLE
OF DEFEATING PRESIDENT TRUMP IN
A FAIR FIGHT.  WE KNOW THAT. THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE KNOW THAT. AND
SO THE ONLY BIPARTISAN VOTE ON
IMPEACHMENT IS A BIPARTISAN VOTE
AGAINST OPENING AN INQUIRY.  AND
THE ONLY POSSIBILITY FOR THAT
MOVEMENT FROM THEN TO NOW
DESPITE ALL OF THE HEARINGS
DESPITE ALL OF THE DAMAGED
INSTITUTIONS THROUGH THIS VERY
WEIRD AND INVESTIGATION YOU'VE
RUN, THE ONLY THING IS THAT
YOU'LL LOSE MOST VOTES THAN YOU
STARTED WITH. YOU LOST TWO OF
YOUR MEMBERS.  YOU'LL NOT LOSE
TWO MEMBERS BUT HAVE A RISK OF
LOSING MORE MEMBERS. AND YOU
KNOW WHAT, REPUBLICANS ARE
UNITED.  WE SEE THIS FOR WHAT IT
IS. AND WE KNOW JUST AS MY
COLLEAGUE FROM OHIO MR. JORDAN
SAID, IT'S NOT AN ATTACK ON
PRESIDENT TRUMP POLITICALLY
THOUGH IT IS THE ELECTION THAT
MOTIVATES THEM FOR THIS BIZARRE
BEHAVIOR. IT'S NOT JUST AN
ATTACK ON THE PRESIDENCY. IT'S
AN ATTACK ON US. IT'S AN ATTACK
THAT BELIEVES IN THE PRESIDENT
AND UNDERSTAND VERY WELL WHO WE
VOTED FOR AND HAS NONTRADITIONAL
WAYS OF DOING BUSINESS BUT WE
SEE THE GREAT SUCCESS OF THE
COUNTRY.  MORE JOBS, MORE
OPPORTUNITY.  THEY HAVE NO
ANSWER FOR THAT IN THE UPCOMING
ELECTION.  THAT'S WHY WE'RE
HERE.
>> FOR PURPOSES, MR. BEAK SEEKS
RECOGNITION
>> MAUVE TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORK.
>> THANK YOU, CHAIRMAN. I
MENTIONED BEFORE THAT LOOKING AT
THE EVIDENCE, I'M STUNNED THAT
MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE AISLE PER  PETTILY
READ READ EVERY INFENCE THEY CAN
MAKE, AND IT'S AN INCREDIBLE
INFRERNS OF CREDIBILITY STACKED
UP, AND I SUPPORT THE
GENTLEMAN'S AMENDMENT, AND I
WANT TO READ THIS FROM A
UKRAINIAN SOURCE WHO IS NAMED
AND CITED IN A RECENT
PUBLIGATION. IT SAYS QUOTE,
BY INVITING OFFICIAL FOREIGNERS,
UKRAINIAN WANTS TO GET INTEREST,
AND HAVING HUNTER BIDEN ON
BOARD, THE OWNER WANTED TO
CORRECT THE IMAGE AND GET COVER
BECAUSE AUTHORITIES ARE SCARED
BY THE U.S. EMBASSY IN UKRAINE.
HUNTER BIDEN USING AS THE
CAPABILITIES OF HIS FAMILY ACTED
AS A BUFFER FOR HIS FAMILY AND
UKRAINIAN AGENCY.  HIS
CORRUPTION SMELLS.  SO LET'S
LOOK AT THE TRANSCRIPT OUR
COLLEAGUES KEEP REFERRING TO.
FACE FORWARD.  THE OTHER THING
PRESIDENT TRUMP SAYS, THERE'S A
LOT OF TALK ABOUT BIDEN'S SON,
AND A LOT OF PEOPLE WANT TO DO
OUT ABOUT THAT.  WHATEVER YOU
CAN DO WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
WOULD BE GREAT.  BIDEN WENT IN
SAYING YOU CAN STOP PROSECUTION.
IF YOU LOOK INTO IT, IT SOUNDS
HORRIBLE TO ME.  THAT IS THE
ESSENCE OF WHAT THEY WANT TO
IMPEACH PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR.  SO
IT BEGATHIZE QUESTION, IT REALLY
BEGS THE QUESTION, REALLY, DO
YOU GET IMMUNITY, IS IT AN
IMMUNITY GRANTING VENT TO HAVE A
PUBLIC RUN FOR PUBLIC OFFICE? DO
YOU GET IMMUNITY FOR THAT?
LET'S FLIP IT. THE QUESTION IS
DOES THE HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO
REQUEST AN INVESTIGATION INMOST
ASSURE UDLY.  HE MENTIONS THE
ATTORNEY GENERAL HERE.  IT IS
CLEAR THAT HE WOULD LIKE AN
INVESTIGATION INTO THE
CORRUPTION SURROUNDING UKRAINE
BECAUSE WHAT THIS PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY GOES ON TO SAY?  HE
GOES ON TALKING ABOUT TRYING TO
RESTORE THE HONESTY IN HIS
COUNTRY.  THAT'S WHAT HE'S
TALKING ABOUT.  YOU HAVE THE
ATTORNEY GENERAL.  YOU HAVE THE
PRESIDENT OF BOTH COUNTRIES
ACKNOWLEDGING THAT THERE'S
CORRUPTION, AND LET GET IT FIXED
UP, AND AT LEAST YOU'RE BACK TO
THIS WHOLE QUESTION OF DEMOCRATS
WANTING TO IMPEACH PRESIDENT
TRUMP FOR THESE ABUSE OF POWER
ISSUES.  THESE
AMOR  THESE ISSUES OF
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS.  IT'S
JUST BIZARRE.  HUNTER BIDEN
PLACED ON THE BOARD OF BURISMA
IN 2014, AND IN THE MEANTIME,
EVIDENCE IS CLEAR THAT BURISMA'S
COMPANY PAID ABOUT 3.4 $3.4
MILLION A COMPANY CALLED
ROSEMONT CINEMA, THE COMPANY OF
HUNTER AND HIS PARTNER.  THAT IS
REALLY
INTRIGUING, THE INVESTIGATIONS
SURROUNDING BURISMA STOPPED, AND
BURISMA'S REPUTATION IN UKRAINE
IS LOW, AND IT WAS DUBIOUS EVEN
BEFORE THIS IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY
RAISED IT TO NEW ATTENTION.
NOW, LET'S FACE IT, ACCORDING TO
UKRAINIAN SOURCES, BURISMA IS
NOT ON EVERYBODY'S FRONT BURNER
IN THE UKRAINE, BUT IT IS HERE
BECAUSE WE WERE PROVIDING
HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
IN FOREIGN AID TO UKRAINE.  THIS
PRESIDENT SAID WE NEED TO STOP
CORRUPTION.  HE MENTIONS THE
CORRUPTION HE HEARD ABOUT.  IS
THAT IMPEACHABLE?  NO. HE'S
ASKING FOR AN INVESTIGATION TO
GET TOOT BOTTOM OF IT BECAUSE
YOU DON'T GET IMMUNITY BECAUSE
YOUR FATHER IS RUNNING FOR
PUBLIC OFF THE OFFICE, JUST
BECAUSE ANYONE RELATED TO YOU IS
RUNNING FOR PUBLIC OFFICE.  AND
I WILL TELL YOU THIS PRESIDENT
HAS DONE A REMARKABLE JOB IN
SPITE OF 3 YEARS OF CONSTANT
HARASSMENT BY THE DEMOCRATS OF
THIS BODY AND MEDIA ON THE LEFT
OF THIS COUNTRY.  WE HAVE A
GREAT ECONOMY.  HE'S TRYING TO
BRING ORDER TO THE BORD BORDER.
WE HAVE MORE PEOPLE WORKING THAN
EVER BEFORE.  THIS PRESIDENT
SUPPORTS THE MILITARY AND
PRESTIGE AROUND THE WORLD. IT IS
NO MORE POLICY ON THE FOREIGN
SIDE THAT WE SAW ON THE
PRESENTATION.  HE IS WORKING
WITH GREATNESS
>> MOVE TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> I WANT TO BEGIN VERY QUICKLY
AND BEGIN WITH THE GENTLEMAN
FROM OHIO LAMONTING ABOUT THE
PRODUCTIVITY IN CONGRESS AND
REMIND MY FRIENDS ON THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE AISLE THAT WE PASSED
NEARLY 400-PIECES
OF LEGISLATION AND 275 OF THOSE
BILLS ARE BIPARTISAN AND RAISE
THE COST OF PREEXISTING DRUGS
AND PREEXISTING CONDITIONS AND
PROVIDE EQUAL CARE FOR EQUAL
WORK AND RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE
FOR 3 # MILLION AMERICANS.
AND BIGGEST ANTI CORRUPTION
BILL.  THE LIST IS EXHAUSTIVE,
AND SADLY 87% OF THOSE BILLS ARE
LYING ON
MITCH MCCONNELL'S DISC DESK.
AND NOW LET'S GET BACK TO THE
FACTS OF THIS IMPEACHMENT
HEARING.
>> WHAT HAPPENED IN 2019? WHAT
CHANGE SND THE PRESIDENT IS
LOSING IN A NATIONAL POLL BY
DOUBLE DIGITS TO JOE BIDEN.
THOSE ARE THE FACTS.  THIRD,
MULTIPLE WITNESSES, TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION OFFICIALS,
TESTIFIED THAT VICE PRESIDENT
BIDEN DID NOTHING WRONG
INCLUDING MR. KENT, AMBASSADOR
YOVANOVITCH, AMBASSADOR HOLMES
AND AMBASSADOR VOLKER.  THE
FIRING WAS DONE IN ACCORDANCE
WITH OFFICIAL U.S. POLICY.  IT'S
APRUBD BY THE JUSTICE
DEPARTMENT, APPROVED BY THE
UNITED STATES AND MANY COUNTRIES
THROUGHOUT YOU'RE AND A
BIPARTISAN.  THIS IS A CORRUPT
PROSECUTOR AND OFFICIAL U.S.
POLICY THAT THE VICE PRESIDENT
WAS EXECUTING.  BY CONTRAST,
WHAT WE HAVE IN THIS CASE, THE
BASIS OF THIS IMPEACHMENT
PROCEEDING IS EXACTLY THE
OPPOSITE.  WHAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
WAS DOING WAS NOT OFFICIAL U.S.
POLICY, AND ALL OF THE WITNESSES
CONFIRM THAT. IT WAS NOT DONE
THROUGH THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT,
AND IT WAS DONE AGAINST THE
ADVICE OF ALL OF HIS ADVISORS.
AND SO THAT'S WHAT'S VERY
DIFFERENT ABOUT WHAT WE'RE
CONFRONTING TODAY.  AND
THIS WAS WORK NOT DONE BY THE
STATE DEPARTMENT BUT LED BY THE
PRESIDENT'S PERSON ATTORNEY.
LET'S NOT CONFUSE THESE TWO
THINGS.  FACTS MATTER.  THE
TRUTH MATTERS.  YOU CAN'T
CONTINUE TO MAKE ASSERTIONS.
>> I WOULD LIKE TO YIELD FROM
THE GENTLEMAN FROM CALIFORNIA.
>> I THANK
THE GENTLEMAN
IF PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS SO
INTERESTED IN YIELDING, FOR MANY
YEARS THE VICE PRESIDENT'S SON
WAS ON THE BOARD.  THEY NEVER
INVESTIGATED THIS.  IT ONLY CAME
ABOUT WHEN VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN
BECAME PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
POLITICAL OPPONENT.  HE CALLED
ZELENSKY TO CONGRATULATE HIM,
AND THEN IN HIS TALKING POINTS
HE TOLD HIM TO BRING UP
CORRUPTION IN UKRAINE.  HE NEVER
DID IT, BUT THEY LIED TO THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE AND SAID THE
PRESIDENT HAD.  JULY 25TH,
AGAIN, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNSEL
MEMBERS WORKED REALLY HARD TO
TELL THE PRESIDENT, IMPRESS UPON
THE UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT HE NEEDS
TO ROOT OUT CORRUPTION.  THE
PRESIDENT NEVER BRINGS UP
CORRUPTION.  HE WANTED TO
INVESTIGATE A U.S. CITIZEN.
IT'S A FORMAL PROCESS THEY GO
THROUGH.  THE PRESIDENT NEVER
ASKED THE ATTORNEY GENERAL TO DO
THIS.  THE PRESIDENT WAS NEVER
INTERESTED IN FIGHTING
CORRUPTION IN UKRAINE. HE WAS
ONLY INTERESTED IN WEAPONIZING
CORRUPTION IN UKRAINE FOR HIS
OWN PERSONAL BENEFIT.  AND
THAT'S WHY WE MUST HOLD HIM
COUNTABLE FOR ABUSE OF POWER.
RECOGNIZE THE CONSENT REQUEST.
>> THE ARTICLE IS DATED FEBRUARY
FEBRUARY 12TH, 2019, JUST
2-WEEKS BEFORE THE CALL WHEN HE
ASKED WHETHER HE SHOULD WORRY
ABOUT RUNNING AGAINST JOE BIDEN.
>> NO OBJECTION.
>>.
>> THERE ARE VOTES ON THE FLOOR
MEMBER VOTES ON THE FLOOR.  THE
MEETING WILL STAND IN RECESS
UNTIL AFTER THE VOTES.  PLEASE
RECONVENE IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE
VOTES.  THE COMMITTEE IS IN
RECESS. THANKS.
>> THE SUBSTANTIVE ISSUES IS
MUCH MORE SERIOUS.
>> IT'S FASCINATING BECAUSE IT
HAS BEEN OTHER DAYS WHERE THE
PRESIDENT'S TEAM IS NOT PAYING
ATTENTION TO THIS HEARING.
WHATEVER IS GOING ON IN CAPITOL
HILL IS CERTAINLY BENEATH FROM
WHAT THEY'RE PAYING ATTENTION
TO.  HE SEEMS VERY ENGAGED AND
CALLING OUT SPECIFIC NUMBERS BY
NAMES AS THEY'VE SPOKEN THIS
MORNING.
>> THAT'S RIGHT. HE TRIED TO
CORRECT A PAIR OF DEMOCRATIC
HOUSE MEMBERS IN REAL TIME AFTER
THEY SPOKE IN THE HEARING TO TRY
TO SAY THEY HAD MISCHARACTERIZED
HIS INTENT AND MISCHARACTERIZED
WHAT HE SAID IN HIS PHONE CALL
WITH THE UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT,
AND OF COURSE WE'VE ALL SEEN THE
ROUGH TRANSCRIPT OF THAT CALL.
IT'S VERY CLEAR WHAT THE
PRESIDENT WAS SAYING THERE IT
SPEAKS TO THE CONCERNS ABOUT THE
IMPEACHMENT MEETINGS, AND IT'S
FOCUSING ON GOVERNING AND CHILD
CARE AND PAID LEAVE POLICIES AND
OTHER INITIATIVES, BUT HIS FOCUS
IS CLEARLY ON WHAT'S HAPPENING
IN THE HOUSE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE.
>> REPUBLICANS HAVE BEEN
CRITICIZED, OR IT'S BEEN NOTED
SEVERAL TIMES AS THEY TRY TO
DEFEND THE PRESIDENT, THEY'RE
FOCUSED ON HOW, YOU KNOW, THEY
HAVE ISSUE WITH HOW DEMOCRATS
ARE RUNNING THE SHOW BECAUSE
DEMOCRATS DO HAVE CONTROL HERE
IN THIS COMMITSY, BUT AS WELL AS
IN THE HOUSE GENERALLY, AND I
HEARD ONE SAYING WE'RE ALL JUST
FOCUSENED ON THE PROCESS, AND
WE'RE NOT AND THEN HE WENT
THROUGH 10 ITEMS HE DIDN'T LIKE
ABOUT THE PROCESS.  OTHER
MEMBERS ON THE SIDE OF THE
AISLE
.  WHAT ARE YOU NOTICING AS
THEY'RE TRYING TO LAUNCH A
DEFENSE.
>> TODAY HAS BEEN A SUBSTANTIAL
DEBATE ABOUT WHETHER PRESIDENT
TRUMP ABUSED HIS POWER, AND IF
SO DOES THAT MERIT IMPEACHMENT
WHICH I THOUGHT WAS INTERESTING
AND UNIQUE TO THE IMPEACHMENT
HEARINGS WE HAD SO FAR.  I DO
SEE REPUBLICANS TRYING TO TALK
MORE ABOUT SUBSTANCE DONALD
TRUMP OVER THE
PAST WEEK TWEETED AND SAID
DEFEND ME ON THAT.  AND HE HAD
THERE'S NO WAY UKRAINE KNEW
ABOUT THE AID BEING WITHHELD
WHEN UKRAINE'S PRESIDENT HOPPED
ON THE PHONE IN JULY WHICH
IGNORED TESTIMONY FROM THE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE THAT
THERE'S INDICATIONS THAT THEY
MIGHT HAVE
ANOTHER AREA IS THE CRIME TO
IMPEACH TRUMP. I THINK IT'S A
DEBATE. THE CONSTITUTIONAL
SCHOLARS A COUPLE OF WEEKS
TOUCHED ON THIS.  THE
REPUBLICANS SAID YOU DON'T HAVE
TO MEET TO GET IMPEACHED.  THOSE
ARE TWO SEPARATE THINGS.  BUT
JONATHAN TURLEY SAID I THINK IT
WILL BE BETTER IF YOU WOULD
CONVINCE AMERICA HE BASICALLY
COMMITTED A CRIME.  BASICALLY HE
PUT IT TO BILL CLINTON, HE'S
ACCUSED OF TWO THINGS, LYING TO
A GRAND JURY AND OBSTRUCTER A
GRAND JURY PROCESS.  I WANTED TO
PULL
UP A PROCESS WHO PULLED BACK IN
THAT WAY.  SHE SAID THIS IS A
LEGAL DOCUMENT, THIS
CONSTITUTION, I'M QUOTING HERE.
YOU CAN BREECH AND VIOLATE THE
LAWS OF THE CONSTITUTION.
THEY'RE CONSTITUTIONAL CRIMES.
WE'RE GETTING INTO A SUBSTANTIAL
DEBATE HERE.
>> THERE'S A QUESTION ON THE
TABLE OF WHAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
DID IS WORTH IMPEACHMENT.  LET'S
LISTEN TO CHAIRMAN NADHER, AND
HE REFERRED TO IMPEACHER NIXON,
AND HE USED THAT AS A REFERENCE
TO DEFENSE PRESIDENT TRUMP, AND
THOSE ARE AN ABUSE OF POWER AND
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS.
>> AND THE IMPEACHMENT OF
PRESIDENT NUXEN, ALTHOUGH HE
COMMITTED MANY CRIMES, THEY
IMPEACHED FOR ABUSE OF POWER AND
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.  IT DID
NOT SPECIFY A SPECIFIC CRIME,
AND I WOULD POINT OUT THAT THE
MAJORITY STAFF REPORT OF THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE BACK IN
1974, AND I BELIEVE 1998 BUT
CERTAINLY 1974 POINTED OUT
DIFFERENT THINGS.  IT'S CRIMES
NOT IMPEACHABLE AND DIFFERENT
THINGS THAT MIGHT NOT PEE A
CRIME.  IT IS A GRAVE AND
SERIOUS OFFENSE AGAINST THE
CONSTITUTION
AND OBSTRUCTION FORM OF
GOVERNMENT.
>> AT
THE BEGINNING WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT PRESIDENT NIXON, ALTHOUGH
HE DIDN'T STEP DOWN, THEY
RECOMMENDED IT, AND THEY DID
MAKE IT THROUGH THIS PART.  IT
IS IN PLACE.  WHAT ARE THE OTHER
TAKEAWAYS FROM WHAT NADLER WAS
SAYING?
>> HE WAS TRYING TO GET AT WHAT
I WAS SAYING EARLIER, IT'S A
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CRIME AND
IMPEACHMENT.  THEY NEED A VAGUE
TERM THAT REPUBLICANS HAVE
JUMPED ON THEM FOR WHICH IS
ABUSE OF POWER.  I HEARD
REPUBLICANS SAY A LOT LIKE
LISTEN.  ABUSE OF POWER ISN'T
SOMETHING YOU FIND IN THE
CRIMINAL CODE.  IT'S TOO VAGUE.
YOU'RE MAKING UP STUFF TO THROW
UP THERE.  WHEREAS DEMOCRATS
ARGUE, LIKE, THE FOUNDERS LEFT
THIS PURPOSELY VAGUE FOR US
BECAUSE THEY COULDN'T IMAGINE
SOME CRIMES THAT THE PRESIDENTS
WOULD COMMIT THAT WOULD BE
IMPEACHABLE, AND WE THINK DONALD
TRUMP HAS LEVERAGED THE ENTIRE
STATE DEPARTMENT FOR HIS
POLITICAL BENEFIT. THE FACTS
SHOW ABUSE OF POWER.  THEY'RE
TALKING PAST EACH OTHER.
>> IT'S NO RULE BOOK FOR
CONGRESS AND TURNS TO PAGE 47
AND SAYS ABUSE OF POWER, AND
THERE'S A CHECKLIST FOR ALL OF
THE THINGS THAT FIT THAT
CRITERIA.  IT'S A JUDGMENT CALL
THAT THESE ELECTED
REPRESENTATIVES ARE BEING ASKED
TO DO, AND THAT'S THE WAY THE
FOUNDERS SET UP THE SYSTEM.
IT'S AN ENTIRE POLITICAL
PROCESS, AND THAT'S BY DESIGN.
IT'S DIFFERENT THAN A CRIMINAL
PROCESS AND DIFFERENT THAN WHAT
YOU OR I WOULD GO THROUGH IN A
COURT OF LAW ACCUSED PHOTOGRAPH
CRIME.  AND THE CHALLENGE IS NOT
ONLY TO CONVINCE THEIR
COLLEAGUES IN THAT COMMITTEE BUT
THE AMERICAN PUBLIC THAT WHAT
TRUMP HAS DONE IS WORTHY OF
IMPEACHMENT.  THEY'VE HAD A HARD
TIME MOVING THE NEEDLE ON THAT
POLLING.
>> LET'S LISTEN TO THE
CONGRESSMAN FROM THE REPUBLICAN
PERSPECTIVE, AND HE SOUNDED
AGITATED, AND OUR COLLEAGUE
REPORTED HE WAS HUDDLING WITH
COUNSEL BEFORE HE LAUNCHED THIS
ATTEMPT TO TRY TO MAKE THE CASE
AGAINST IMPEACHMENT.
>> THIS NOTION OF ABUSE OF
POWER IS LOWEST IN IMPEACHMENT
THEORIES.  HECK, I DON'T KNOW
ANY POLITICAL PARTIES THAT DON'T
THINK WITH THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
WHITE HOUSE THAT DON'T HAVE
ABUSE OF POWER.  I HAVE A LOT OF
CONSTITUENTS THAT THINK BARACK
OBAMA ABUSES
SEDHIS POWER. YOU SET THE
STANDARD. IT'S BIPARTISAN AND
OVERWHELMING.  I YIELD BACK.
>> LOW ENERGY, SOUNDS LIKE A
CALL TO SOMEONE AND A WORD.
>> THAT WOULD BE THE AUDIENCE
HAS WON.  WE ALL REMEMBER THE
2016 CAMPAIGN WHERE THE THEN
CANDIDATE DONALD TRUMP USED THAT
WORD LOW ENERGY TO TEAR DOWN
BUSH AND PREVENT THE FLORIDA
GOVERNOR FROM GAINING ANY
TRACTION IN THAT RACE AND USED
IT
QUITE EFFECTIVELY. IT'S ONE OF
THE CATCH PHRASES THAT HE GAVE
THE CONGRESSMAN FROM FLL. I'M
SURE THEY KNOW HE'S ONE OF THE
MOST TRUSTED ALLIES IN THE HOUSE
AND USED HIS PERCH ON THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE TO REALLY
ARTICULATE A FIERY TRUMP
>> THE CONGRESSMAN HAS A LOT ON
HIS PLATE, AND THIS IS THE
MOMENT WE'RE SEEING HIM TEAR
THROUGH AJNDA ITEMS BECAUSE IT'S
ACTIVITY ON CAPITOL HILL.
GENDA ITEMS BECAUSE IT'S
MEMBERS WILL HANG OUT WITH THE
PRESIDENT AT THE WHITE HOUSE?
>> YEAH. THAT'S RIGHT. IT'S ONE
OF THOSE MOMENTS WHERE THEY HANG
OUT AT THE HOUSE, AND THEY PUT
ASIDE THEIR DIFFERENCES AND IT'S
THE CONGRESSIONAL BALL.  IT'S
HOSTED BY
THE FIRST LADY. IT'S TRADITION.
IT'S UNCLEAR WHO WILL SHOW UP. I
DON'T KNOW IF PELOSI WILL BE
THERE OR ANY DEMOCRATS.  I
ASSUME IT WILL BE MOSTLY A
REPUBLICAN GATHERING, BUT
NONETHELESS IT IS A SOCIAL EVENT
ON A VERY MOMENTOUS DAY IN TERMS
OF THE IMPEACHMENT SERIES.
>> AND I WANT TO GET A READING
FROM YOU BEFORE WE LET YOU GO.
WHAT ARE THE OTHER AGENDA ITEMS
THEY HOPE TO ACCOMPLISH FROM
THIS PAIRNL PARENTAL LEAD, AND
ALSO TRADE DEAL, NAFTA AND
SOMETHING THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT,
HOW IS THE WHITE HOUSE VIEWING
THOSE ITEMS?
>> THEY'RE QUITE OPTIMISTIC
ABOUT THAT.  THE USMCA, THE
TRAIT DEAL TO REPLACE NAFTA, THE
PRESIDENT NEGOTIATED THE TERMS
WITH THE CANADIANS MANY, MANY
MONTHS AGO, AND THAT BILL HAS
BEN HOLDING IN CONGRESS FOR SOME
TIME NOW.  THE WHITE HOUSE HAS
BEEN PUSHING HARD FOR IT. AND
FINALLY IT WAS A BREAK THIS WEEK
WHEN SPEAKER PELOSI AND OTHER
DEMOCRATIC LEADERS ANNOUNCED
SUPPORT FOR A COMPROINIZE OF THE
UAMCA DEAL.  THAT BILL IS IN THE
SENATE AND PROBABLY WON'T GET
PASSED AND SIGNED INTO LAW UNTIL
EARLY NEXT YEAR. IT'S A
POLITICAL MOMENT TOO.  IT WAS A
DECISION BY THE DEMOCRATS TO
MOVE THIS FORWARD, SO THEY'RE
MORE VULNERABLE DEMOCRATIC
LAWMAKERS SAY WE WEREN'T JUST
IMPEACHING THE PRESIDENT BUT
DOING BUSINESS FOR THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE AND TRYING TO GET THINGS
DONE.  IT WILL STAND POTENTIALLY
AS ONLY THE LEGISLATIVE
ACHIEVEMENT OF THIS ENTIRE YEAR.
>> AND FINALLY AS WE TURN OUR
ATTENTION TO WHAT GOING TO
HAPPEN IN JANUARY BECAUSE WE'RE
SEEING
?
>> ALL RIGHT. STAY WITH US. I
WANT TO PLAY A LITTLE BIT OF A
TAPE FROM CONGRESSMAN JEREMY
NADLER.  THIS IS THE RANKING
CHAIRMAN COMMITTEE, AND DOUG
COLLINS.  EVEN AS THEY GO HEAD
TO HEAD, THEY HAVE A WORKING
RELATIONSHIP. LET'S PLAY A
LITTLE BIT OF HOW TODAY STARTED.
>> BACK IN 2005, THE CHAIRMAN
SCHEDULED THE MINORITY DAY
HEARING BUT CUT OFF WITNESSES,
SHUT OFF THE MICROPHONES AND
SHUT OFF THE LIGHTS AND REFUSED
RECOGNITION WHEN THEY REFUSED TO
SPEAK.  NO ONE IN THE MAJORITY
ARGUED OUR ROTHS.  IT'S NO
PRACTICE FOR THE POINT OF ORDER.
FOR THE FOREGOING REASONS, I
DON'T SUSTAIN THE
POINT OF ORDER.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, I THINK THAT
THE ANSWER TO MY QUESTION, THIS
STRUCK A NERVE SAYING IN
PREVIOUS RIGHTS, IT IS NOT THE
CHAIRMAN'S RIGHT TO DECIDE
WHETHER IT IS SUFFICIENT OR
WHETHER IT'S ACCEPTABLE OR
CHAIRMAN'S RIGHT TO VIOLATE THE
RULES IN ORD TO INTERFERE.  IT
IS INTERESTING TO ME THAT THIS
TIME HAS BECOME
THE ISSUE.
>> I WOULD LIKE THE
CHAIRMAN TO TAKE ONE MORE
MINUTE.
>> DOES HE APPEAL, YES OR NO?
>> YES.
>> THE APPEAL OF THE RULING OF
THE CHAIR IS NOT SUSTAINED.
>> I MOVE TO TABLE.
>> DID YOU ACTUALLY CALL FOR A
VOTE? HOW DO YOU NOT SUSTAIN AND
NOT CALL FOR A VOTE?
>> I SUSTAINED FOR A POINT OF
ORDER.
>> I CALL FOR A BILL RULE OF
CHAIR. AND I CALL FOR A VOTE.
>> I RULE THAT THE POINT OF
ORDER IS NOT WELL TAKEN.
>> WELL, THAT'S PAINFULLY
OBVIOUS.
>> ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO TO
CAPITOL HILL AND BRING IN OUR
COLLEAGUE WHO HAS BEEN THERE
THIS MORNING. SO DO THEY SEEM TO
HAVE A HEALTHY WORKING
RELATIONSHIP?  DO THEY SEEM TO
GET ALONG?
>> Reporter: YOU KNOW WHEN I
WATCHED THESE TWO, IT'S ALSO
FASCINATING TO ME TO SEE A
CHAIRMAN AND RANKING MEMBER AND
WHAT THAT RELATIONSHIP AND LIKE.
AND THESE TWO MEN, YOU CAN
DETECT IT IS SOME LEVEL OF
RESPECT FOR WHAT BOTH
SIDES SAY I THINK HE GIVES HIM
VIEW TO TALK AND INTERJECT. I
THINK THEY HAVE A REPORE THERE,
BUT I CAN'T SPEAK ON PERSONAL
RELATIONSHIPS, BUT WE MIGHT BE
ABLE TO FORGIVE THESE TWO MEN
BECAUSE THEY HAVE BEEN ABLE TO
HAVE SOME OF THE MOST WEIGHTY
ISSUES IN FRONT OF THEM THIS
YEAR, THE RUSSIA PROBE,
OBSTRUCTION, GETTING SUBPOENAS
FROM SOME OF THE WITNESSES THEY
WANTED TO HEAR FROM, DEALING
WITH THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION,
SO IF IT IS RANCOR, IT IS
PROBABLY BECAUSE IT IS A LOT OF
SERIOUS ISSUES IN FRONT OF THE
TWO MEN, THEY SORT OF PER
SONIFIED BOTH OF THEIR SIDES AND
REPRESENT BOTH OF THEIR SIDE
VIEWED WITH THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION, AND WE KNOW IT'S
WIDE GOALS BETWEEN THE TWO.
>> SO RHONDA, THIS COMMITTEE IS
ON A BREAK FOR A VOTE. THERE'S
SO MUCH ELSE HAPPENING ON
CAPITOL HILL RIGHT NOW. TAKE US
THROUGH WHAT ELSE IS IN PLAY.
>> Reporter: RIGHT. SO THEY
BROKE FOR A VOTE ON THE HOUSE
FLOOR RIGHT NOW.  THAT IS A
BILL.  IT IS ACTUALLY NAMED
AFTER THE LATE ELIJAH CUMMINGS.
IT'S A LOWER DRUG PRICE FOR
MEDICAID AND MEDICARE
RECIPIENTS. IT ISN'T SOMETHING
SUPPORTED BY REPUBLICANS RIGHT
NOW.  IT WILL PROBABLY PASS THE
HOUSE BUT PROBABLY NOT PASS THE
SENATE EVEN IF TAKEN UP, AND THE
PRESIDENT HAS MENTIONED THAT HE
WILL VETO IT IF IT DID PASS THE
SENATE.  SPEAKER PELOSI HAS BEEN
SPEAKING ACTUALLY ALL DAY ABOUT
THIS.  SHE HAD A PRESS
CONFERENCE A LITTLE BIT AGO
TALKING ABOUT THE NEED TO PASS
THIS, AND THE LAST FEW WEEKS
AND- HOAR WEEKLY PRESSERS, SHE
USUALLY BEGINS TALKING ABOUT
THIS BILL AND HOW IT'S
IMPORTANT.  SO YEAH, A LOT OF
BIG ISSUES HAPPENING HERE IN THE
HOUSE. AND ALSO, BETSY, THE
SECRETARY OF EDUCATION IS HERE
TESTIFYING TO THE COMMITTEE ON
THE FACT THAT THERE WERE STUDENT
LOAN RECIPIENTS WHO WERE
DEFRAUDED BY FOR-PROFIT SCHOOLS.
SO AGAIN, ANOTHER BIG ISSUE
THERE TOO. SO A LOT AN ALWAYS
HAPPENING ON THE HILL ALONGSIDE
THIS IMPEACHMENT INVESTIGATION.
>> WELL, RHONDA COLEMAN, THANK
YOU SO: HOPEFULLY YOU'LL GET A
BRIEF BREAK BEFORE YOU HEAD BACK
INTO THE HEARING ROOM.  TURNING
BACK TO AMBER PHILLIPS, REPORT
FOR THE 6, AND JACKIE WHO WRITES
OUR MORNING NEWS LETTER.
I WANT TO GET A SENSE OF WHAT
STANDS OUT TO YOU, AND EVEN
THOUGH A MARKUP IS VERY
PROCEDURAL, IT'S
A BIG MOMENT BECAUSE WE EXPECT
THEM TO GET
OUT TODAY.  WHAT'S STANDING OUT
TOO?
>> IT MIGHT SOUND CYNICAL, BUT I
THINK
THE INEVITABLY
INEVTU
INEVTABILITY, YOU ARE THE WHITE
HOUSE  SENATE PREPARING FOR A
TRIAL AND MOVE THROUGH IT AS
QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE.
>> ONE THING WE'RE WATCHING FOR
IS DEFECTIONS.  BE DON'T EXPECT
TO SEE DEFECTIONS ON THIS
COMMITTEE, AND WE HEARD LAST
NIGHT ON THE OPENING STATEMENTS,
EVERYONE WAS QUITE SOLID ON THE
DEMOCRATIC SIDE AND REPUBLICAN
SIDE, BUT HOUSE LEADERSHIP IS
PREPARING FOR POSSIBLE SANCTIONS
WHEN THE FULL HOUSE VOTES.
>> YEAH. THIS IS NOT EXPECTED
SINCE WE KNEW.
>> NOT UNEXPECTED?
>> THANK YOU. SINCE WE KNEW IT
WAS 30 DEMOCRATS WHO WON AND
HELPED DEMOCRATS IN THE HOUSE IN
DISTRICTS THAT VOTED FOR TRUMP,
AND THEY ARE ONE REASON, 30
REASONS NANCY PELOSI HAS WAITED
THIS LONG TO BEGIN IMPEACHMENT.
AND SO OUR COLLEAGUES REPORTED
LAST NIGHT THAT DEMOCRATIC
LEADER ARE EXPECTING AT LEAST
TWO DEFECTIONS.  WE KNOW IT WAS
TWO DEMOCRATS WHO VOTED AGAINST
THE RULES SETTING UP IMPEACHMENT
WHICH WAS KIND OF A PROXY VOTE,
BUT AS MANY AS HALF A DOZEN AND
MAYBE MORE.  I WANT TO NOTE THAT
IS INTERESTING.  POLITICALLY,
IT'S NOT COMPLETELY OUT OF LEFT
FIELD IN PART THE DEMOCRATS ARE
REPRESENTING THE TRUMP DISTRICT,
AND DOZENS OF REPUBLICANS VOTED
NOT TO IMPEACH HIM, AND THEY
ACTUALLY HELPED SINK TWO
ARTICLES
OF IMPEACHMENT AGAINST THE FOUR
HE WANTED.  SO THIS WOULD BE A
NORMAL THING FOR IMPEACHMENT.
>> YEAH. WE'VE KNOWN ALL ALONG
THE HOUSE SPEAKER PELOSI WAS
READY TO GO THROUGH THIS
PROCESS, AND WE'RE SEEING
EXACTLY WHY RIGHT NOW, AND I
THINK THAT'S IN PART OF WHY
YOU'RE SEEING THE PARALLEL
TRACKS OF THE POLICY BEING MOVED
FORWARD FROM THE SPEAKER
URTENDING THE REFORM IN MADRID
DURING A REALLY MOMENTOUS PART
OF THIS IMPEACHMENT PROCESS TO
USMCA GETTING PUSHED ONTO
THESONT.  THE SENATE.  BUT I
THINK IT'S A FEW MEMBERS OF THE
HOUSE JUDICIARY, ONE IN
PARTICULAR, LUCY MCBATH WHO I
THINK IS THE ONLY MEMBER ON THE
COMMITTEE WHO COMES FROM,
REPRESENTS A VULNERABLE DISTRICT
WHO PREVIOUSLY VOTED FOR TRUMP
IN 2016, AND SHE DELIVERED A
PRETTY GOOD MESSAGE THAT THIS
WAS NOT THE AMERICA HER SON
JORDAN WHO WAS KILLED BY GUN
VIOLENCE WOULD HAVE WANTED.  I
THINK IT DOES COME TO A MATTER,
BOILS DOWN A MATTER OF WHAT IS
THE MOAT ECSPEED I WENT THING
POLITICALLY FOR DEMOCRATS TO DO,
OR DO THEY BELIEVE IT WILL HOLD
A LOT OF WAIT IN YEARS TO COME.
IT IS INTERESTING BECAUSE THE
WAY THE WHITE HOUSE IS DOING
THIS IS THAT THE MEDIA HAS
GOTTEN IT WRONG ALL ALONG.
EDWARD HAS BEEN SO CONCERNED
WITH REPUBLICANS, AND KEEPING AN
EYE ON MCROMNEY, AND WILL THEY
VOTE TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT,
AND IN REALITY, THEY THINK IT'S
DEMOCRATS WE SHOULD ALL KEEP AN
EYE ON IN THE HOUSE AND SENATE,
PEOPLE LIKE JOE AND DOUG CALL
WHOONZ ARE VULNERABLE.
>> GREAT ONE, JACKIE. YOU KNOW,
DO YOU GET THE SENSE THAT
SPEAKER PELOSI IS SUCCEEDING IN
THE MESSAGING OF WE WEREN'T
IMPEACHING PRESIDENT TRUMP A
YEAR AGO.  WE ARE WORKING ON
THIS NOW, AND SHE'S TRYING TO
HAVE THIS VERY SOLEMN TONE.  SHE
IS QUOTING EVERYTHING FROM
SCRIPTURE TO THE CONSTITUTION TO
FOUNDING FATHERS WHEN SHE TALKS
ABOUT IMPEACHMENT.  JACKIE, DO
YOU THINK THAT IS RESINATING
FROM THE MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC
THAT THINGS ARE CHANGING, THAT
THE STORY AND CIRCUMSTANCES HAVE
CHANGED.  IT'S NOT THE THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE BEEN ON THIS
IMPEACHMENT PATH ALL ALONG WHICH
IS WHAT REPUBLICANS ARE TRYING
TO IMPRUCH.
>> IT IT'S A CONTRAST BETWEEN
THE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE SPEAKING
AND THE WAY REPUBLICANS AND
RHETORIC REPUBLICANS ARE USING
AND HOW THEY'RE TRYING TO COME
ACROSS AS COMBATIVE, AGGRESSIVE
AND REALLY ON THE DEFENSIVE FOR
THE PRESIDENT.  SO, YOU KNOW,
I'M NOT NECESSARILY SURE HOUSE
SPEAKER PELOSI, IF THAT'S
RESINATING WITH VOTERS PER SE,
SOME WHO HAVE TUNED OUT, SOME
WHO HAVE BEEN BEEN IN
BATTLEGROUNDS AND THEY TAPERER
OFF FOR THE IMPEACHMENT PROCESS.
I DO THINK IT WILL BE A NEWT
NEW GRAVITY.  YOU WILL HAVE THEM
SITTING ON THE BENCH
CIRCUMSTANCE DAYS A WEEK AND
LISTENING TO TESTIMONY AND
DEBATE. IT WILL PUT A PAUSE ON
THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN, SO I
THINK REGARDLESS OF WHAT, YOU
KNOW, HOUSE SPEAKER PELOSI HAS
BEEN ABLE TO COMPLISH, THE NEW
PHASE OF IF AND WHEN THIS DOES
MAKE IT TO THE SENATE, WILL FEEL
CONSEQUENTIAL.
>> OKAY. LET'S TALK ABOUT
PROCESS A LITTLE BIT, WHAT
HAPPENING TODAY, THESE TWO
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT ARE
ESSENTIALLY BEING MARKED UP, AND
IT'S IDEAS BEING PROPOSED OR
SUGGESTED. ONE OF THEM WAS TO
CHANGE IT FROM DONALD J. TRUMP
TO DONALD JOHN TRUMP.  GET THAT
IMMEDIATELY CHANGED.  BUT WE'VE
SEEN REPUBLICANS TRY TO PUT
STUFF OUT THERE.  JORDAN PUSHING
BACK AGAINST THE ABUSE OF POWER
WHICH IS A KEY PART OF THE
ARTICLES, AND WE HEARD MATT
GATES. HE WANTED TO TAKE OUT
REFERENCES TO FORMER VICE
PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN AND PUT IN
SPECIFIC LANGUAGE ABOUT BURISMA
AND  HUNTER BIDEN, AND THEN HE
WENT ON A TEAR ABOUT THE DRUG
PROBLEMS THAT HUNTER BIDEN
TALKED ABOUT, AND HE TALKED
ABOUT ALLEGATIONS OF BUYING
DRUGS AND STUFF LIKE THAT. AND
IT WAS VERY INFLAMMATORY.  WE
SAW PUSHBACK AFTER THAT.
>> YEAH. I WAS LIKE THIS WHOLE
THING IS SO DRAMATIC, AND
LAWMAKERS KNOW THIS IS A
DRAMATIC MOMENT, AND I THOUGHT
SOMETIMES THE DRAMA CAME ACROSS
AS LIKE LUCY MCBATH TALKING
ABOUT HER SON THAT DIED AND
REALITY TV --  ISH.  AND SO WHAT
HAPPENED THEY WANT TO MUDDY THE
WATERS ON WHO IS BEING
INVESTIGATING AND/OR TRY TO
COMMUNICATE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
WAS WAS RIGHT IN ASKING THEM TO
INVESTIGATE THE BIDENS.  IT'S
THERE IN THE PHONE TRANSCRIPT.
YOU CAN'T DENY IT.  HOW DO THEY
SEE IT AS AN OKAY THING TO DO.
THEY IMPUGN HUNTER BIDEN
HIMSELF. YOU TALK ABOUT HIM
BEING ON THE BOARD OF BURISMA,
AND HOW BURISMA IS CORRUPT WHICH
NOBODY DISAGREED WITH, AND NEW A
FRANKLY SHOCKING DEVELOPMENT, HE
GAVE MATT ON AND ON ABOUT A
MASSIVE PUBLIC HEARING ABOUT
SUBSTANCE ABUSE.  HE OPENED UP
AND TALKED ABOUT SUBSTANCE ABUSE
AND FAMILY PROBLEMS.  HE DOESN'T
HAVE A SQUEAKY CLEAN PROBLEM.
AND LIKE WHERE ARE WE GOING, AND
JOHNSON KINDLY GOES, I WOULDN'T
CALL, YOU KNOW, THE KETTLE
BLACK.
>> YEAH, POT CALLING THE KETTLE
>> THANK YOU, POT CALLING THE
KETTLE BLACK, AND CALLING OW
THAT HE HIMSELF HAS BEEN
ARRESTED FOR A DUI.
>> YEAH. HE SAID BACKGROUND AND
HISTORY, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE A
HISTORY OF DUI.  IT WAS A JOLT
IN THE ROOM BECAUSE THEY KNOW
MATT HAS A DUI ON HIS RECORD.
IT GOT DIRTY AND PERSONAL.
>> I WAS LAUGHING TO MYSELF FOR
A MOMENT BECAUSE I WAS READING
LIVE COMMENTS ON THE LIVESTREAM,
AND IT WAS WHY ARE THE DEMOCRATS
SPEAKING MORE CALMLY THAN THE
REPUBLICANS.  BUT I THINK IT IS
PART OF THE TRAGEDY TO BE
SERIOUS AND SOBER AND ABOUT
TOPICS THAT THE DEMOCRATS ARE
WEIGHING REALLY HEAVILY, AND
MATT GATES AND DOUG COLLINS AND
GYM JORDAN ARE TRYING TO MUDDY
THE WATERS AND DEFLECT BECAUSE
THEY REALIZE THAT, YOU
KNOW, THE
FACTS WOULD HAVE CAME OUT DON'T
EXONERATE THIS PRESIDENT.
>> AND VERY QUICKLY, THE
PRESIDENT TWEETED SOMETHING I'VE
BEEN WAITING FOR THEM TO ECHO,
AND HE SAID I DID NOTHING WRONG.
AND TALKING POINTS FROM THE
REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP TO THIS
COMMITTEE SAID JUST SAY IT WAS
AN IMPEACHABLE CONDUCT WHICH IS
DIFFERENT, AND I THINK THAT'S
JUST INTERESTED EVEN IF THEY'RE
DEFENDING TRUMP, THEY'RE NOT
WILLING TO GO AS FAR AS THE
PRESIDENT DOES
>> OUR COLLEAGUE AARON HAD A
GREAT PIECE SAID IT WAS CRIMINAL
CONDUCT.  THE TWO ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT AREN'T EXPLICITLY
MENTIONED IN THE CONSTITUTION
BECAUSE THEY ULTIMATELY DECIDED
NOT TO INTRODUCE OBSTRUCTION OF
JUSTICE OR BRIBERY WHICH ARE TWO
CRIMES PER SE.
>> ALL RIGHT. JACKIE FROM THE
RED POWER UP WHICH YOU CAN
SUBSCRIBE TO, AND AMBER PHILLIPS
WRITES THE EVENING NEWS LETTER.
AMBER STAY WITH US FOR A MOMENT.
I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE HISTORY
HERE FOR A LITTLE BIT BECAUSE
EVEN THOUGH PROCEEDINGS ARE
ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP, TWO
OTHERS HAVE BEEN MENTIONED A
LOT, BILL CLINTON AND RICHARD
NIXON.  LET'S LISTEN TO
CONGRESSMAN FROM OHIO.
>> AND THE NEW MEMO IS GROUNDS
FOR IMPEACHMENT.  THE MAJORITY
GOES TO GREATLENGTHS TO EXPLAIN
WHY ABUSE OF POWER IS GOOD.  AND
IT WAS BOTH RICHARD NIXON AND
BILLCLIPTEN.  WHAT THEY DON'T
MENTION IS THAT THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES NEVER ADOPTED
ALLEGED ABUSE OF POWER AS IT IS
CHARGED IN IMPEACHMENT. WHO?
BECAUSE IT'S NO CRIMINAL STATUTE
ALLEGING WHAT ALLEGED ABUSE OF
POWER ACTUALLY IS.  ABUSE OF
POWER IS A VAGUE AND AMBIGUOUS
TERM OPEN TO INTERPRETATION FOR
EVERY INDIVIDUAL BECAUSE IT
LACKS A CONCISE DEFINITION IT IS
A HIGHER BURDEN OF PROOF TO SHOW
THE ACTIONS OF THE PRESIDENT
RISE TO THE LEVEL OF
IMPEACHMENT.
CONSTITUTION SAYS
PROTECT AGAINST SOME KIND OF
ABUSE THEY COULDN'T IMAGINE.
THEY DIDN'T LIST OUT EVERY CRIME
THEY COULD THINK OF A LAWMAKER
DOING. IT'S THEIR PREROGATIVE TO
SAY THIS IS WHY WE THINK TRUMP,
THE KEY TERM IN THIS
CONSTITUTION, IS TRUMP MEANT
HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANOR.
>> AS THIS HAS ALL BEEN GOING
ON, YOU REPORTED THIS GREAT
LEAD, EVEN AS THE HOUSE BEGAN
DRAFTING CHARGES AGAINST
PRESIDENT TRUMP, HIS PRIVATE
ATTORNEY, WHO MANY BELIEVE IS
PARTLY RESPONSIBLE FOR LEADING
TRUMP ON THE PATH TO HIS LIKELY
IMPEACHMENT MADE AN AUDACIOUS
TRIP TO THE COUNTRY AT THE
CENTER OF THE SCANDAL. THIS IS
RUDY GIULIANI TRAVELING TO KIEV.
WHAT ARE PEOPLE MAKING OF THIS
RIGHT NOW? WE HEARD MATT GATES
ON THE SUNDAY SHOW SAY IT WAS
WEIRD. MATT GATES WE TALKED
ABOUT A MAJOR DEFENDER OF
PRESIDENT TRUMP. SO WHAT'S THE
INTERPRETATION OF WHAT RUDY
GIULIANI IS UP TO?
>> THERE'S A SENSE AS WITH MANY
THINGS IN THIS ADMINISTRATION
AND THIS WHITE HOUSE, THERE'S A
DOUBLING DOWN OF WHAT WAS GOING
ON BEFORE. SO YOU KNOW, I WAS
RIGHT TO PURSUE THIS AGENDA, I'M
GOING TO CONTINUE TO PURSUE THIS
AGENDA. REMEMBER THAT RUDY
GIULIANI WENT THERE WITH
A DOCUMENTARY CREW FROM ONE
AMERICA NEWS NETWORK THE IDEA
WAS TO PUT OUT IN VIDEO FORM
ARGUMENTS RUDY GIULIANI HAD BEEN
MAKING ON FOX NEWS THROUGHOUT
THE COURSE OF THE YEAR. AND THIS
ALSO HAPPENED BEFORE REPORTING
WE HAD IN THE PAPER THAT THE
SENATE IS NARROWING IN ON AN
IDEA OF HAVING A TRIAL WITH NO
WITNESSES. A QUICK TRIAL THAT
WOULDN'T NECESSARILY GO INTO THE
DETAILS OF EVERYTHING THAT'S
BEEN GOING ON. IF THAT WEREN'T
TO HAVE  HAPPENED, YOU WOULD
WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT YOU HAVE
SOME CONTENT TO SHOW SORT OF THE
REPUBLICAN SIDE OF THE
ARGUMENTS. AND RUDY GIULIANI WAS
PUTTING TOGETHER ALL OF THIS
NARRATIVE BEFORE THE SUSPECTED
SENATE TRIAL. SO I THINK RUDY
GIULIANI HAS SAID HE'S GOING TO
DELIVER A REPORT ON HIS
ACTIVITIES, WHAT HE'S GATHERED.
AND I THINK YOU CAN SEE THIS
MIGHT END UP COINCIDING WITH THE
SENATE TRIAL.
>> WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR HIM TO
DELIVER A REPORT? IS IT LIKE A
FORMAL PROCESS THAT WOULD BE
USED? I MEAN --
>> ONE OF THE THINGS I THINK
YOU'VE SEEN HAPPENING THROUGHOUT
THIS PROCESS IS UKRAINE IS A
VERY COMPLICATED PLACE TO
UNDERSTAND AND MOST AMERICANS
DON'T HAVE, NOR SHOULD THEY
NECESSARILY HAVE A DETAILED
UNDERSTAND OF UKRAINIAN
PROSECUTORS INTERNATIONAL
POLITICS IN UKRAINE. SO WHEN
RUDY GIULIANI INTERVIEWS
SPECIFIC PEOPLE AND SORT OF
CHERRY PICKS INFORMATION IN
ORDER TO MAKE A POINT ABOUT WHAT
HE'S SAYING IS CORRUPTION ON JOE
BIDEN'S PART IN UKRAINE, THAT
STUFF CAN STICK BECAUSE IT'S
VERY DIFFICULT TO -- YOU HAVE TO
SORT OF EXPLAIN THE ENTIRE
CONTEXT IN UKRAINE AND PEOPLE
DON'T REALLY NECESSARILY HAVE
SORT OF PATIENCE FOR THAT KIND
OF ARGUMENT. SO BRINGING THAT
ARGUMENT BACK DURING A SENATE
TRIAL COULD CERTAINLY BE
HELPFUL.
>>> OKAY. SO EVEN AS THAT'S
HAPPENING, WE SEE THIS
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS MARCHING ON.
DO YOU GET THE SENSE OF HOW
REPUBLICANS ARE VIEWING THE ROLE
OF RUDY GIULIANI RIGHT NOW? IS
THERE AN APPETITE FOR HIM TO BE
INVOLVED IN THIS? DOES THE WHITE
HOUSE HAVE AN APPETITE FOR HIM
TO BE INVOLVED IN THIS?
>> WE'VE HEARD MIXED THINGS ON
THAT FRONT. WE'VE HEARD WHITE
HOUSE  OFFICIALS SAY THEY REALLY
DON'T WANT HIM INVOLVED. BUT HE
CONTINUES TO SAY THE PRESIDENT
KNOWS WHAT HE'S DOING AND THAT
HE'S COMPILING THIS REPORT AND
THE PRESIDENT KNOWS ABOUT THAT.
SO THERE SEEMS TO BE DIVISION IN
THE TRUMP CAMP ABOUT WHAT ROLE
THEY WANT RUDY GIULIANI TO PLAY
GOING FORWARD. RUDY GIULIANI IS
ALSO UNDER INVESTIGATION FOR
HIS ACTIVITIES BY THE SOUTHERN
DEMOCRATIC OF NEW YORK WHICH HAS
ALL READY INDICTED TWO OF HIS
ASSOCIATES WHO WERE WORKING WITH
HIM ON UKRAINIAN ISSUES OVER THE
COURSE OF THE YEAR. AND I THINK
THAT IS SOMETHING THAT AS THE
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS SORT OF
COMES TO A CLOSE WITH THE VOTE
AND THEN WHAT WE ASSUME WILL BE
A FAIRLY QUICK TRIAL IN THE
SENATE, THE SOUTHERN DEMOCRATIC
OF NEW YORK PROCESS WILL
CONTINUE OVER THE COURSE OF THE
YEAR AND THAT WILL COINCIDE WITH
THE ELECTION.
>> DO YOU GET THE SENSE THAT
REPUBLICANS JUST WANT RUDY
GIULIANI TO GO AWAY.
>> THEY WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH
HIM. THIS IS A SAFE ASSUMPTION.
I HAVEN'T DONE MY OWN REPORTING
ON THIS. BUT LISTEN, YOU HEARD
TRUMP'S OWN EUROPEAN UNION
AMBASSADOR SAY I DIDN'T THINK IT
WAS GOOD IDEA FOR RUDY GIULIANI
TO LEAD THIS UKRAINE POLICY. HE
KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT UKRAINE.
HE'S NOT A DIPLOMAT. HE'S NOT A
GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL. WHAT IS
GOING ON? IN ADDITION HE HAS HIS
OWN CONFLICTS OF INTEREST,
BUSINESS WISE, WHICH YOU GUYS
HAVE  REPORTED ON EXTENSIVELY.
SO I THINK WE CAN EXTRAPOLATE
FROM THAT THAT REPUBLICAN
SENATORS WHO ARE SMART AND
UNDERSTAND GOOD POLITICS AND BAD
POLITICS DO NOT WANT RUDY
GIULIANI INVOLVED IN ANY OF
THIS. COLLEAGUES HAVE RECORDED
THAT LINDSAY GRAHAM, THE
CHAIRMAN OF THE SENATE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE IS HAVING HIS OWN
INVESTIGATIONS INTO THE BIDENS.
HE HASN'T CALLED RUDY GIULIANI
TO COME TALK ABOUT THIS. EVEN AS
RUDY GIULIANI COMES BACK FROM
UKRAINE WAVING LIKE SOME REPORT
HE'S GOING TO GIVE THEM. I'M
SPECULATING HERE THAT COULD BE
ONE REASON WHY OUR REPORTING
SAID MITCH McCONNELL DOESN'T
WANT ANY WITNESSES.
>> ONE THING YOU'VE BEEN
REPORTING ON IS THIS QUESTION OF
HOW SECURE THE PRESIDENT'S
CONVERSATION IS. HOW SECURE THE
CONVERSATIONS ARE OF PEOPLE THAT
ARE ARE WORKING FOR HIM. AND
THERE HAVE BEEN SOME  SHOCKING
MOMENTS WHERE THE PRESIDENT HAS
BEEN BRAGGING OR TALKING ABOUT
HIS  COMMUNICATIONS, WE SAW THIS
IN MAR-A-LAGO. BUT ALSO THIS
INVESTIGATION PROCESS HAS
REVEALED SOME VERY SURPRISING
DECISIONS BY TRUMP ALLIES TO
HAVE A CONVERSATION AND, YOU
KNOW, IN A RESTAURANT IN UKRAINE
WITH THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES NOW, DEMOCRATS ARE
CRITICAL OF THIS. BUT, WHAT IS
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY
SAYING ABOUT IT?
>> FOR THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY, THIS IS AN ON SEC
MIGHT MARRY, IT'S HOW YOU
CONTROL YOUR COMMUNICATIONS TO
THE BEST OF YOUR ABILITY TO
ENSURE THE A FOREIGN GOVERNMENT
IS
NOT EAVESDROPPING ON THEM. YOU
SEE THIS ON THE DOOR. DON'T DO
THINGS WITH YOUR COMPUTER THAT
MIGHT MAKE YOU MORE VULNERABLE
TO THIS KIND OF EAVESDROP
ORGANIZE SPYING. AND WHAT'S
INTERESTING ABOUT THIS ENTIRE
PROCESS AND YOU SEE CERTAIN ON
SEC VULNERABILITIES IN THE
REPORT. GORE DAN
GORDON
SUMLAND. ADAM SCHIFF AND THE
HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE
SUBPOENAS PHONE ORDERS, RUDY
GIULIANI'S PHONE RECORDS, AS
WELL AS ONE OF HIS ASSOCIATES
AND WHAT YOU SAW IN THOSE PHONE
RECORDS IS DURING KEY MOMENTS OF
THE UKRAINE SAGA THE DAY FOR
EXAMPLE THAT THE U.S. AMBASSADOR
TO UKRAINE
WAS RECALLED, RUDY GIULIANI WAS
FURIOUSLY CALLING THE WHITE
HOUSE. BECAUSE THE RECORDS ARE
SUBPOENAED FROM AT&T YOU KNOW
THAT HE'S SPEAKING ON A CELL
PHONE, THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE, EVEN
IF IT'S ON A SECURE WHITE HOUSE
LINE, A SECURE WHITE HOUSE HAND
LINE, IF HE'S ON AN OPEN CELL
PHONE LINE, THAT'S A HUGELY
VULNERABLE ENVIRONMENT TO
DISCUSS ANYTHING SENSITIVE. AND
THE RECALL OF THE U.S.
AMBASSADOR OF UKRAINE WOULD BE
SOMETHING OF DEEP INTEREST TO
RUSSIAN INTELLIGENCE AND OTHER
INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES FOR THAT
MATTER. SO, YOU KNOW, IT'S A BIT
OF AN IRONY THAT, YOU KNOW, THE
LAST ELECTION CYCLE, 2016 WAS
DOMINATED ABOUT WHETHER HILLARY
CLINTON AS SECRETARY OF STATE
WAS USING THIS PRIVATE EMAIL
SERVER AND THERE FOR HAVING
INSECURE COMMUNICATIONS OPEN TO
SPYING BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS
AND THAT STORY HAS SORT OF UNDER
GIRDED THE ENTIRE IMPEACHMENT
PROCESS HERE. BUT HAS GOTTEN
LESS ATTENTION.
>> YEAH, IT'S FASCINATING. THIS
QUESTION OF THE PHONE  CALLS,
PHONE RECORDS, IT WAS A SURPRISE
THING THAT CAME OUT. DO WE KNOW
MUCH AT THIS POINT? IS THERE ANY
MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THE WHO?
THE WHAT? THE WHY? YOU MADE VERY
IMPORTANT CONNECTIONS ABOUT
TIMING. WHICH REPORTERS HAVE
BEEN DIGGING INTO. AND I'D LIKE
TO HEAR FROM YOU, DO WE HAVE A
SENSE THAT HOUSE INVESTIGATORS
ARE PUSHING ON THAT TO FIND OUT
MORE. THAT'S SOMETHING ELSE WE
SHOULD TALK ABOUT. REPUBLICANS
ARE VERY INTERESTED IN WHO GOT
THE PHONE CALLS BUT IS THERE
STILL A WINDOW OPEN FOR
DEMOCRATS TO DO INVESTIGATION
INTO WHY RUDY GIULIANI WOULD BE
MAKING THESE CALLS, WHO WAS HE
CALLING, THERE WERE CALLS TO
NEGATIVE ONE MINUS ONE, IS THAT
THE PRESIDENT? THEY HAVE THE
TUNE TO FLUSH THIS OUT MORE, BUT
THE WINDOW IS CLOSING IN TERMS
OF THE HOUSEWORK OF THIS PHASE.
>> CONGRESS COULD START UP ANY
INVESTIGATION IT WANTS TO. AND I
THINK THERE ARE VALID THINGS
HERE TO INVESTIGATE. THEY'RE NOT
GOING TO, POLITICALLY. ONE, I
MEAN RUDY GIULIANI IS A PUBLIC
FIGURE BUT YOU HAVE THIS CLICK
OF CONGRESS INVESTIGATING A
PRIVATE CITIZEN, THAT WOULD BE
ICKY. DEMOCRATS HAVE PUT
TOGETHER THE EVIDENCE, ALL THE
EVIDENCE THEY THINK THEY CAN TO
IMPEACH TRUMP AND THEY'RE MOVING
FORWARD. THEY WISH THEY HAD
MORE. THEY COULDN'T GET MORE.
THESE CALLS WERE TANTALIZING
TRAILS BUT THEY HAVEN'T PURSUED
IT. THEY'RE JUST RUNNING OUT OF
TIME. AND THEN THREE, I THINK
DEMOCRATS ARE VERY CAUTIOUS OF
THIS POLITICAL ARGUMENT
REPUBLICANS ARE MAKING. THEY'RE
SCREAMING AT THE TOP OF THEIR
LUNGS THE DEMOCRATS ARE JUST
ATTACKING TRUMP BECAUSE THEY
DON'T LIKE HIM. AND THEY'RE
AFRAID THEY CAN'T BEAT HIM IN
NOVEMBER. NANCY PELOSI HAS HER
OWN MAJORITY TO WORRY ABOUT.
IT'S NOT LIKE ON A RAZOR'S EDGE
IN NOVEMBER. BUT SHE CAN MAKE
MASSIVE POLITICAL MISTAKES. I
THINK MOVING FORWARD ON
INVESTIGATING RUDY GIULIANI
WOULD -- COULD MERIT BEING
DESCRIBED AS A MASSIVE POLITICAL
MISTAKE.
>> SHE DOESN'T HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT IT BECAUSE THE DISTRICT OF
NEW YORK IS DOING IT. ADAM
SCHIFF SAID THEY'RE GOING TO
CONTINUE TO LOOK INTO THE PHONE
CALLS THEY OUTLINED IN THE
REPORT. IT'S UNCLEAR WHETHER
THAT'S GOING TO GO ANY WHERE.
>> ADAM SCHIFF WAS ASKED ABOUT A
REPUBLICAN LAWMAKER IN THOSE
PHONE CALLS. ADAM SCHIFF'S
COLLEAGUE ON THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE. HE SAID WE'LL REFER
TO THE ETHICS COMMITTEE, THEY'RE
NOT GOING TO GO DOWN THAT ROAD
OF WHAT NUNEZ KNEW ABOUT UKRAINE
AND GIULIANI AND WHEN.
>> REPUBLICANS WERE CRITICAL AS
THE PHONE CALLS CAME UP AND
WONDERING WHO WAS SEEKING THEM.
WAS IT ADAM SCHIFF? WAS IT AS
ATTORNEY FOR THE COMMITTEE? THEY
WERE TRYING TO PULL AT THREAD
THIS IS WEEK ASKING COUNCIL FOR
THE DEMOCRATS, WHO INITIATED
THIS? WHO GOT THESE PHONE
RECORDS, AND THEY DIDN'T ANSWER.
THEY SAID THAT'S PART OF A
BEHIND THE SCENES INVESTIGATION,
WE'RE NOT GOING TO SPEAK TO
THAT. WHY IS THAT RELEVANT TO
REPUBLICANS.
>> THIS WAS SORT OF
INVESTIGATORY MALPRACTICE BY
SCHIFF. HE SHOULDN'T INCLUDE A
PHONE CALL WITH A MEMBER OF
CONGRESS OR A JOURNALIST, THAT
WAS  DETAILED IN THE REPORT. HE
SHOULDN'T INCLUDE A PHONE CALL
WITH THE PRESIDENT'S PERSONAL
ATTORNEY. AND I THINK IT'S
PRETTY CLEAR FROM THE REPORT,
THEY HAVEN'T SAID EXACTLY WHOSE
RECORDS THEY SUBPOENAED, BUT
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE CONTEXT OF
THE REPORT, IT SEEMS CLEAR THEY
SUBPOENAED RUDY GIULIANI'S
RECORDS AND HIS ASSOCIATES. WHEN
THEY WERE CALLING DEVEN NUNEZ OR
A JOURNALIST FROM THE HILL,
THOSE RECORDS WOULD THEN SHOW UP
ON THEIR -- I THINK IT ALL CAME
FROM AT&T. ON THEIR PHONE CALL
LOG. SO THE REPUBLICANS, AS YOU
SAY, HAVE RAISED ALLEGATIONS
THAT THIS WAS WRONG, THAT DEVEN
NUNEZ OR THE JOURNALIST'S NAME
SHOULD HAVE BEEN BLOTTED OUT OR
NOT INCLUDED AT ALL. I THINK THE
DEFENSE OF THAT ON THE HOUSE
INTELLIGENCE SIDE ON THE
DEMOCRAT'S SIDE HAS ESSENTIALLY
BEEN THAT WE NEEDED TO IN OUR
REPORT DEMONSTRATE A PATTERN OF
BEHAVIOR. AND THEY'RE
ESSENTIALLY ACCUSING JOHN
SOLOMON AND DEVEN NUNEZ OF
INVOLVEMENT IN WHAT WAS SORT OF
GIULIANI'S SPEARHEADED CAMPAIGN
AGAINST JOE BIDEN.
>> ONE OF THE DEFENSES
REPUBLICANS ARE MAKING TODAY AND
THEY HAVE BEEN MAKING IS THAT
THE DEFENSE MONEY FOR UKRAINE
THAT WAS HELD UP WAS ULTIMATELY
DELIVERED. AND WITHOUT, YOU
KNOW, AN INVESTIGATION
ANNOUNCEMENT COMING FROM
UKRAINE, WITHOUT THIS
ANNOUNCEMENT OR A DRAMATIC
UNVEILING ON CNN OR ANYTHING
ELSE THAT THEY'RE INVESTIGATING
BARISMA OR THE BIDENS OR
ANYTHING ELSE. SO DEMOCRAT HAVES
A LOT OF PROBLEMS WITH THAT.
BECAUSE THE TIMELINE IS
QUESTIONABLE. IT'S A BIT POROUS.
HOW ARE YOU VIEWING THAT
DEFENSE?
>> ONCE AGAIN, I THINK IT FITS
IN THE PATTERN OF REPUBLICANS
HAVING THIS BUMPER STICKER
DEFENSE THAT JUST LIKE CAN
RESONATE OUTSIDE OF WASHINGTON
MORE QUICKLY THAN I THINK
DEMOCRATS MORE NUANCED ARGUMENTS
AND REBUTTALLED CAN. I HEAR
REPUBLICANS SAY UKRAINE GOT
THEIR MONEY. UKRAINE GOT THEIR
MONEY. IT TAKES A COUPLE
PARAGRAPHS TO EXPLAIN THE OTHER
SIDE. WHICH IS AROUND THE TIME
THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP RELEASED
THE  AID, WE KNOW THAT THERE WAS
THIS WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT
CIRCULATING IN WASHINGTON. THE
NEW YORK TIMES HAS REPORTED THAT
PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS BRIEFED ON
THIS AROUND THAT TIME. THEIR
NARRATIVE IS ESSENTIALLY SAYING
HE GOT CAUGHT OR HE  FEARED HE
WAS GOING TO GET CAUGHT SO HE
RELEASED THE AID. I HEARD AN
ARGUMENT FROM JIM JORDAN SAYING
ON THE DAY TRUMP RELEASED AID
THERE WERE TWO  ANTI-CORRUPTION
LAWS THAT WERE GOING TO BE
SIGNED INTO LAW IN UKRAINE.
WHICH IS INTERESTING.
>> ONE OF THE THINGS THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE PERHAPS NOT BEEN
ABLE TO GET ACROSS HERE, AS
CLEARLY AS THEY PERHAPS WANTED
IS THAT THE QUID PRO QUO IS FOR
THE WHITE HOUSE MEETING, RIGHT,
THE INITIAL QUID PRO QUO IS THAT
DONALD TRUMP AND HIS
ADMINISTRATION ARE WITHHOLDING A
PROMISED OVAL OFFICE MEETING FOR
ZELENSKY UNTIL HE PUBLICLY
ANNOUNCES THESE INVESTIGATIONS
THAT WILL HELP TRUMP POLITICALLY
IN THE 2020 ELECTION. INTO JOE
BIDEN AS WELL AS WHAT HAPPENED
IN 2016. AS YOU LOOK AT THE
TIMELINE, THE INITIAL QUID PRO
QUO IS YOU WON'T GET A HIGH
PROFILE MEETING WITH THE WHITE
HOUSE, WHICH IS IMPORTANT. YOU
WANT TO SHOW RUSSIA THAT THE
U.S. IS BEHIND UKRAINE, EVEN
THOUGH THE ADMINISTRATION HAS
CHANGED. UNTIL YOU MAKE THIS
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT. IT'S CLEAR
IN THE REPORT. IT'S CLEAR FROM
THE TESTIMONY. IT'S CLEAR FROM
THE TEXT  MESSAGES RELEASED THAT
THERE WAS AN OBVIOUS EXCHANGE
FOR THAT MEETING IN EXCHANGE FOR
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. THEN WHAT
HAPPENS IS AS THEY GO BACK AND
FORTH ABOUT THE ANNOUNCEMENT AND
WHETHER OR NOT IT'S GOING TO BE
MADE. THE UKRAINIANS LEARN THAT
ACTUALLY THE MILITARY IS NOT
COMING EITHER. AND IT'S
COMMUNICATED TO THEM THROUGH THE
U.S. AMBASSADOR TO THE EU,
GORDON
SOME LIND.
THE INITIAL QUID PRO QUO IS FOR
THE MEETING AND THE ARGUMENT IS
SUBSEQUENT TO THAT THE AID WAS
SORT OF A PILE ON. IT WAS SORT
OF AN ADDED MEASURE OF PRESSURE.
AND WHAT THE REPUBLICANS HAVE
TRIED TO SAY IS WELL BECAUSE THE
UKRAINIANS, SOME UKRAINIANS
CERTAINLY BUT NOT ALL, DIDN'T
KNOW ABOUT THE AID BEING HELD UP
IN JULY, IT COULDN'T HAVE BEEN A
QUID PRO QUO BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T
KNOW IT. THE UKRAINIANS KNEW
FULL WELL THEY NEEDED THE
MEETING AT THE WHITE HOUSE. AND
THEY KNEW FULL WELL THEY WEREN'T
GETTING IT UNTIL ZELENSKY MADE
THIS COMMITMENT ON THE
INVESTIGATION.
>> IN THE VERY FIRST PHONE CALL
BETWEEN ZELENSKY AND THE WHITE
HOUSE. IT'S CLEAR THE WHITE
HOUSE WANTS TIME WITH THE
PRESIDENT OR ANYONE THAT CAN GET
CLOSE TO THE PRESIDENT. BUT DO
YOU THINK THAT IT'S BEEN MADE TO
THE CLEAR PUBLIC OF WHY THAT
MEETING IS SO PRECIOUS AND SO
IMPORTANT TO THE NEW LEADER OF
UKRAINE?
>> I THINK THE DEMOCRATS HAVE
STRUGGLED A LITTLE BIT IN
CLARIFYING THAT. INITIALLY THE
NARRATIVE WAS THE QUID PRO QUO
WAS FOR THE AID. BUT IT BECAME
CLEAR OVER THE COURSE OF THE
INVESTIGATION THAT THE FIRST
QUID PRO QUO WAS REALLY FOR THAT
MEETING AND THE IMPORTANCE OF
THAT MEETING FOR THE UKRAINIANS
CAN'T BE
OVER STATED. RIGHT.
THE FIRST NEW GOVERNMENT IN
UKRAINE WHICH WAS THE FIRST
UPRISING. THEY ARE AT WILLIAM
BARR WITH RUSSIA BACKED PROXIES
IN THE EAST. THEY'RE TRYING TO
NEGOTIATE A SETTLEMENT IN THAT
WAR. THEY RECEIVE MILITARY AID
WITH THE UNITED STATES.
NEGOTIATING WITH RUSSIA WITHOUT
SHOWING THE KREMLIN THAT THE
U.S. IS STILL BACKING US EVEN
THOUGH WE HAVE A NEW GOVERNMENT
IS A PERILOUS POSITION NOR THEM.
THE WAY TO SHOW THE U.S. STILL
BACKS UKRAINE IS WITH A BIG
HANDSHAKE WHITE HOUSE MEETING
AND ENDORSING WHAT DONALD TRUMP
IS SAYING.
>> IT STILL
HASN'T HAPPENED TRUMP AND
ZELENSKY MET ON THE SIDELINES OF
THE U.N. IN A PREVIOUSLY PLAN
MEETING AND ZELENSKY MADE A
JOKE. IT WASN'T A JOKE. WHERE'S
THE MEETING? ARE YOU GOING TO
INVITE ME? HE STILL HASN'T
GOTTEN THAT. AND PAUL MAKES A
GOOD POINT. THE MEETING GETS
LOST IN DEMOCRATS TALKING ABOUT
THE AID. THEY JUST FEEL LIKE
THAT'S THE MORE EGREGIOUS THING
TO HOLD UP. BUT THEY STILL
HAVEN'T GOTTEN THAT. THEY COULD
ERASE REPUBLICANS TALKING POINT
OF UKRAINE GOT THEIR MONEY BY
PERHAPS UPPING AND EXPLAINING
THE IMPORTANCE OF THIS OVAL
OFFICE MEETING TO UKRAINE .  BUT
THAT TAKES A LOT OF DETAILS AS
PAUL OUTLINES ELOQUENTLY. LIKE
RUSSIAN
BACKED SEPARATISTS. THE 2014 NEW
GOVERNMENT. AND IT'S HARD FOR
DEMOCRATS RIGHT NOW.
>> IF SOMETHING SIGNIFICANT
HAPPENED THIS WEEK, ZELENSKY MET
WITH VLADIMIR PUTIN. AND THERE
WAS CONCERN THAT ZELENSKY WAS
GOING INTO THIS MEETING
COMPROMISED OR NOT IN THE
STRONGEST POSITION. WE TALKED TO
ROBIN DICKSON WHO SAID THIS WAS
A REAL CONCERN OF THE UKRAINIANS
THAT ZELENSKY HAS BEEN DINGED BY
THIS PROCESS.
>> YEAH. I THINK THERE ARE
SERIOUS CONCERNS IN UKRAINE
RIGHT NOW THAT THEY DO NOT
ACTUALLY ENJOY DESPITE WHAT IS
ON PAPER, WHAT'S PASSED THROUGH
CONGRESS, BIPARTISAN BACKING
FROM  CONGRESS. SUPPORT FROM THE
PENTAGON. SUPPORT FROM THE STATE
DEPARTMENT. DONALD TRUMP DOESN'T
LIKE UKRAINE AND DOESN'T SUPPORT
THEM. NOW THERE ARE ACCUSATIONS
ABOUT UKRAINE MEDALING IN THE
ELECTION. WHICH HAS NOT BEEN
PROVEN. CORRUPTION AND UKRAINE
ARE TWO WORDS COMING TOGETHER
ALL THE TIME THESE DAYS.
>> THEY NO LONGER ENJOY THE KIND
OF STEADFAST U.S. BACKING
THEY'VE ENJOYED AND AS WE SAW
FROM THIS SUMMIT WITH PUTIN AND
ZELENSKY, NOTHING REALLY CAME OF
IT. WE'RE STILL SORT OF AT A
STAND STILL.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR JOINING
US. I WANT TO PLAY SOME TAPE,
AMBER, FROM LAST NIGHT T
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE MADE THIS
UNUSUAL MOVE OF HAVING SOME OF
THE ACTION HAPPEN IN PRIME TIME
LAST NIGHT. LET'S LISTEN TO
THESE OPENING SPEECHES. THE
OPPORTUNITY FOR MEMBERS ON BOTH
SIDES OF THE AISLE TO MAKE THEIR
CASE FOR OR AGAINST THE ARTICLES
OF IMPEACHMENT.
>> TODAY WE MEET TO BEGIN
CONSIDERATION OF ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT AGAINST PRESIDENT
DONALD J TRUMP. OTHER PRESIDENTS
HAVE RESISTED CONGRESSIONAL OVER
SIGHT. BUT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
STONE WALL WAS COMPLETE,
ABSOLUTE AND WITHOUT PRECEDENT
IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
>> WHEN THEY CAN'T MAKE THEIR
ARGUMENT THAT THE PRESIDENT
PRESSURED PLAZA HEN SKI, THEY
THEN ATTACK MR. ZELENSKY THE
MAJORITY IS SAYING MR. ZELENSKY
IS A LIAR AND WE'RE TEARING DOWN
A WORLD LEADER IN THE EYES OF
THOSE WHO DON'T LIKE HIM IN HIS
OWN COUNTRY AND RUSSIA WHO IS
ATTACKING HIM. WHEN WE CAN'T
MAKE OUR CASE WE NOT ONLY TRY TO
TEAR DOWN THE LEADER OF THE FREE
WORLD, PRESIDENT TRUMP, WE'RE
TEARING DOWN THE NEWLY ELECTED
LEADER OF THE UKRAINE. AFTER ALL
THESE HEARINGS AND GRAND
PRONOUNCEMENTS AND TALKS OF
CRIME IN PLAIN SIGHT WE GET
ABUSE OF POWER? WITH NO REAL
DATES ON THIS IS THE ABUSE. IT'S
JUST GENERIC, VAGUE STATEMENTS.
>> UNDERSTANDABLE THAT
REPUBLICANS FEEL LOYALTY TO THE
LEADER OF THEIR PARTY. BUT
LOYALTY TO OUR COUNTRY AND OUR
CONSTITUTION MUST BE  GREATER.
>> WHAT WE'RE DEBATING HERE IN
MY OPINION IS THE WEAKEST CASE
IN HISTORY. AND YET THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE DECIDED TO GO
FULL SPEED AHEAD, AGAIN, BECAUSE
OF THE CLOCK AND THE CALENDAR,
WITH AN INCOMPLETE RECORD,
SIMPLY BY USING HEARSAY
EVIDENCE, AND TRASHING THE RULES
OF THE HOUSE EVERY TIME THEY CAN
IN ORDER TO SPEED THINGS UP WITH
A PREORDAINED CONCLUSION AND
THAT'S A PARTISAN VOTE FOR
IMPEACHMENT.
>> TOMORROW THIS COMMITTEE WILL
HOLD A VOTE TO IMPEACH A
PRESIDENT WITHOUT HAVING HEARD
FROM A SINGLE WITNESS AND
WITHOUT ALLOWING THE MINORITY
PARTY THE ABILITY TO CALL
WITNESSES OR PRESENT ANY
DEFENSE, WHAT A TRAVESTY OF
JUSTICE.
>> THE HOUSE IS A SEPARATE AND
COEQUAL BRANCH OF GOVERNMENT. WE
DON'T WORK FOR THIS PRESIDENT OR
ANY PRESIDENT. WE WORK FOR THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE. FORTUNATELY, WE
THE PEOPLE ARE NOT AS DUMB AS
PRESIDENT TRUMP THINKS WE ARE.
IF YOU BREAK THE LAW, AND
WITHHOLD DOCK YOU WANTS, WE KNOW
IT'S NOT BECAUSE THOSE DOCUMENTS
MAYBE YOU LOOK GOOD.
>> IF THE PRESIDENT HAD NOT
ABUSED HIS POWER. IF EVERYTHING
HE DID WAS
TRULY PERFECT
, HE WOULD HAVE DEMANDED THAT
EVERYONE THAT WORKS FOR HIM COME
FORWARD AND TELL THE TRUTH. BUT
INSTEAD OF ORDERING HIS STAFF TO
TELL THE TRUTH, HE SILENCED
THEM.
>> THINK ABOUT WHAT CHAIRMAN
SCHIFF DID LAST WEEK. HE
RELEASED THE PHONE RECORDS OF
THE PRESIDENT'S PERSONAL LAWYER.
THE PHONE RECORDS OF A MEMBER OF
THE PRESS AND THE PEN RECORD OF
A REPUBLICAN -- AND THE PHONE
RECORDS OF A REPUBLICAN MEMBER
OF CONGRESS. THIS IS SCARY
STUFF. IT'S DANGEROUS FOR OUR
COUNTRY. IT'S NOT HEALTHY FOR
OUR  COUNTRY. AND WE SHOULD
REMEMBER WHAT EMMET FOOD TOLD
US, THE PRESIDENT'S LAWYER, WHAT
HE TOLD US WHEN THE MULLER
REPORT CAME OUT. IT WOULD BE
WELL TO REMEMBER THAT WHAT CAN
BE DONE TO A PRESIDENT CAN BE
DONE TO ANY OF US.
>> WE ARE MARKING UP ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT FOR OFFENSES THAT
AREN'T CRIMES THAT SOME MEMBERS
OF CONGRESS HAVE NEVER HEARD OF
BEFORE. MUCH LESS KNOW WHAT IT
MEANS.
>> HOUSE DEMOCRATS AREN'T
CLARIFYING THAT NO ONE'S ABOVE
THE LAW. THEY'RE JUST CLARIFYING
THAT NONE OF THEM ARE ABOVE
PARTISAN SHIP AND POLITICS. THIS
IS THE QUICKEST, THINNEST,
WEAKEST, MOST PARTISAN
IMPEACHMENT IN ALL OF AMERICAN
PRESIDENTIAL HISTORY. AND FOR
ALL THE RADICAL LEFT ATTACKS ON
THE PRESIDENT'S HONESTY THERE
LIES  LIE THEY CONTINUE TO FUEL
THE IMPEACHMENT.
>>> WE SAW THE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE GAVEL IN AT 7:00 LAST
NIGHT. WHICH IS UNUSUAL TO GET
ROLLING THE ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. THAT'S NIGHT WAS A
CHANCE FOR EVERY MEMBER TO MAKE
THEIR OWN OPENING STATEMENT.
AMBER  PHILLIPS WITH THE FIX.
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE, I'D
LIKE TO KNOW WHAT'S STANDING OUT
TO YOU TODAY SO FAR, I'D HATE TO
REDUCE THIS TO WINNERS AND
LOSERS, I THINK IT DOES A
DISSERVICE, BUT DO YOU GET THE
SENSE OF DEMOCRATS OR
REPUBLICANS FEELING GOOD ABOUT
HOW THEY'RE HANDLING THE PROCESS
AT THIS POINT.
>> I SEE A UNITED FRONT FROM
REPUBLICANS ON THE COMMITTEE.
THEY'VE UNITED AGAINST THIS IDEA
THAT THE DEMOCRAT HAVES A
PRETERMED OUTCOME THAT THEY'RE
TRYING TO MAKE THE EVIDENCE FIT
THAT OUTCOME AND THEY'VE PRETTY
RESOLUTELY STOOD BEHIND THE
PRESIDENT IN A WAY I WASN'T SURE
THEY WOULD. I THINK AMBER HAS
WRITTEN ABOUT THIS TOO. THERE'S
SOME DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE IDEA
THAT THE PRESIDENT DID NOTHING
WRONG AND THE IDEA THAT HE --
WELL, MAYBE THE CALL WASN'T
PERFECT AND MAYBE IT'S NOT A
GREAT IDEA TO ASK A FOREIGN
GOVERNMENT TO INVESTIGATE YOUR
POLITICAL OPPONENTS BUT IT'S NOT
IMPEACHABLE. AND WE THOUGHT
MAYBE THEY'D GO TOWARD THE NOT
IMPEACHABLE ARM. BUT THEY'RE
GOING TOWARD THE THERE'S NOTHING
AT ALL WRONG HERE. WE'RE SEEING
THAT UNITED ACROSS THE ENTIRE
REPUBLICAN SIDE OF THE
COMMITTEE. DEMOCRATS ON THE
OTHER HAND ARE TRYING TO RECON
WITH THE  ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT THEY'VE CHOSEN
REPUBLICANS ARE MAKING A POINT
OF ARGUING THOSE ARTICLES DON'T
INCLUDE A STATUTORY CRIME WHICH
I THINK IS SOMETHING DEMOCRATS
HAVE TO DEAL WITH NOW BECAUSE
THEY DON'T. ABUSE OF POWER IS
KIND OF A NEBULOUS CONCEPT.
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS IS NOT
SOMETHING YOU CAN BE PROSECUTED
FOR IN A COURT OF LAW. SO WE'VE
SEEN SOME DEMOCRATS COME FORWARD
AND SAY WELL, THIS ACTUALLY WAS
BRIBE  BRIBERY. WE'VE SEEN
OTHERS SAY THIS IS NOT ABOUT
STATUTORY CRIMES BUT CRIMES
AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION. WHAT
DOES THAT MEAN TO YOUR AVERAGE
PERSON WHO DOESN'T UNDERSTAND
THE PROCESS. THE DEMOCRATS ARE
NEED TO BE FOCUSED. THEY NEED TO
MAKE A CONCISE CASE TO THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE.
>> WHEN IS IT IMPORTANT TO ASK
WHEN THERE ARE WINNERS AND
LOSERS IN THIS PROCESS?
>> THERE ARE GOING TO BE WINNERS
AND LOSERS, THE PRESIDENT WON'T
BE REMOVED FROM OFFICE, BUT THIS
ALL PLAY INTO THE 2020 ELECTION,
CERTAINLY, AND IF THIS EVEN
MOVES THE NEEDLE A LITTLE BIT
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER THAT CAN BE A
SIGNIFICANT IMPACT. IF THIS
MAKES YOUR AVERAGE SWING VOTER
THAT MUCH MORE UNLIKELY TO
SUPPORT HIM, THAT CAN HAVE A
SIGNIFICANT IMPACT. IF IT
MOTIVATES THE PRESIDENT'S
SUPPORTERS BECAUSE THEY FEEL
HE'S BEING PERSECUTED THROUGH
THIN CHARGES AND NOT BEING
ACCUSED OF A CRIME, THAT CAN BE
SIGNIFICANT AS WELL. PRACTICALLY
SPEAKING, AS FAR AS REMOVAL FROM
OFFICE, A LOT OF THIS ISN'T
GOING TO MATTER, AS FAR AS CASES
BEING MADE, AS FAR AS THE STAGE
CRAFT HERE, ALL OF THIS WILL
HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE 2020
ELECTION.
>> IT'S BEEN INTERESTING TO HEAR
DEMOCRATS MAKE THEIR CASE. SOME
HAVE JUST BEEN SORT OF LIKE
ALMOST LIKE I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS
IS HAPPENING. OF COURSE THE
PRESIDENT HAS DONE SOMETHING
WRONG. AND SOME HAVE SAID, YOU
KNOW, WE'RE GOING TO FOCUS ON
THESE TWO SPECIFIC ARTICLES. BUT
THEN YOU'VE ALSO HAD DEMOCRATS
REFERENCING LIKE PAST BEHAVIOR
OR OTHER ACCUSATIONS AGAINST THE
PRESIDENT, WHICH REPUBLICANS
HAVE BEEN QUICK TO JUMP ON.
THEY'RE LIKE YOU WANT BOTH
THINGS, YOU WANT TO FOCUS ON TWO
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT. YET
YOU'RE REFERENCING OTHER
BEHAVIOR BY THE PRESIDENT THAT
COMES NOWHERE NEAR THESE
ARTICLES.
>> THAT GETS THE DEMOCRAT'S
CENTRAL STRUGGLE HERE, THEY
DON'T LIKE TRUMP. THEY WISH HE
DIDN'T WIN. HOW DO THEY CONVINCE
VOTERS TO THEY'RE IMPEACHING HIM
ON LEGITIMATE ISSUES. BECAUSE
REPUBLICANS ARE HAVING THIS NOT
NUANCED ARM. SHOUTING FROM THE
ROOFTOPS. THEY'RE TRYING TO GET
HIM OUT OF OFFICE. THEY WOULDN'T
WIN IN 2016. IGNORING THE FACT
THAT PENCE WOULD BE PRESIDENT IF
TRUMP WERE REMOVED FROM OFFICE.
>> THIS IS UNQUESTIONABLY A
CULMINATION OF EVERYTHING THAT'S
COME BEFORE IT. EVEN DEMOCRATS
ARE ACKNOWLEDGING THAT. THEY'RE
SAYING WELL, HE'S TRIED TO GET
FOREIGN INTERFERENCE IN AN
ELECTION BEFORE. IF WE DON'T
STOP HIM NOW, HE'S GOING TO TRY
TO DO IT AGAIN, HE'S DONE IT SO
MANY TIMES BEFORE, YET THEY'VE
DECIDED THEY'RE NOT GOING TO
INCLUDE THOSE PREVIOUS INSTANCES
IN THESE IMPEACHMENT ARTICLES
BECAUSE THEY'RE WORRIED THEY'LL
BE ACCUSED OF BRINGING UP OLD
STUFF OR SOME OBSTRUCTION OF
JUSTICE STUFF THAT ROBERT MULLER
DIDN'T ACTUALLY ACCUSE THE
PRESIDENT OF A CRIME. THEY HAVE
ELECTED TO GO VERY NARROW WITH
THIS. KEEP THIS VERY FOCUSED ON
THE UKRAINE SITUATION, BUT
THAT'S NOT WITHOUT ITS PROBLEMS
AS FAR AS A STRATEGY GOES.
A NEWLY ELECTED YOUNG PRESIDENT
THAT WE ALL WERE EXCITED ABOUT.
AND TAKE ANTICORRUPTION
PRESIDENT. HE WAS TRIED TO
COERCE AND INTERFERING IN THE
2020 ELECTIONS. THE THINGS I
HAVE HEARD TODAY. ABOUT VICE
PRESIDENT CHALL AND THE THINGS
I'VE HEARD ABOUT THE VICE
PRESIDENT SON, WE HAVE MILLIONS
OF PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY WHO
ARE SUFFERING FROM ADDICTION. I
BELIEVE TO PROTECT THIS
PRESIDENT AT ANY COST IS
SHAMEFUL. ARTICLE 2,
THE NIXON IMPEACHMENT SAID THIS.
THE ARTICLE PRINCIPALLY ADDRESS
PRESIDENT NIXON'S USE OF POWER.
INCLUDING POWERS VESTED SOLELY
IN THE PRESIDENT. TO AID HIS
POLITICAL ALLIES AND HARM HIS
POLITICAL OPPONENTS IN PROPER
PERSONAL POLITICAL ADVANTAGE.
AND EXPLAIN IN THIS ARTICLE THAT
THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
THEN STATED
THAT PRESIDENT NIXON'S CONDUCT
WAS UNDERTAKEN FOR HIS PERSONAL
POLITICAL ADVANTAGE AND NOT IN
THE FURTHERANCE OF ANY VALID
NATIONAL POLICY. THE PRESIDENT
ABUSED HIS POWER.
INTO ME AND AT LEAST THE MEMBERS
ON THIS SIDE OF THE DAIS THAT
MATTERS. WITH THAT I YIELD THE
REMAINING TIME TO MR. RICHMAN
FROM LOUISIANA.
>> THANK YOU MR. CHAIRMAN. I
WANT TO REMIND PEOPLE WHEN THE
PEOPLE ARE WATCHING AND YOU LOOK
AT THE CREDIBILITY OF A
TESTIMONY
, AND WEIGHING THE EVIDENCE YOU
CAN LOOK AT OTHER THINGS. I WANT
TO ENTER INTO THE RECORD THE
GUARDIAN ARTICLE ROGER STONE AND
MICHAEL COHEN. THE MEN
IMPLICATED IN CRIMES. CNN
POLITICS AND SIX TRUMP
ASSOCIATES HAVE BEEN CONVICTED
IN MUELLER RELATED
INVESTIGATIONS.
>> MY GRANDMOTHER SAID BIRDS OF
A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER. ALSO,
RESIDENT TRUMP HAS MADE 13,435
POSTS ON MISLEADING CLAIMS OVER
900.
>> THAT OBJECTION. THE TIME HAS
EXPIRED.
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD. THANK
YOU CHAIRMAN. I WANT TO SPEAK
FIRST TO THE UNDERLYING
AMENDMENTS THAT CALLS FOR THE
ACKNOWLEDGMENT THAT THE AIDE WAS
RELEASED
IN THE ARTICLE, THE FIRST
ARTICLE I BELIEVE. I WANT TO,
AGAIN, RECOUNT NOT ONLY TO JULY
25 CALL, WHERE PREVIOUSLY I HAVE
INDICATED THE PRESIDENTS
LANGUAGE, WE WOULD LIKE YOU TO
DO US A FAVOR. THAT WAS NOT TIED
TO US REPRESENTING THE ENTITY OF
A PUBLIC RIS PRESENTATION.
WOULD BE THE UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA. ESTABLISH FOREIGN
POLICY BY THE SECRETARY OF
STATE. THAT IS BECAUSE THE
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ANNE STATE
HAD ALREADY CERTIFIED THAT THE
UKRAINE WAS WORKING TO GRADUATE
AND WORKING TO ENSURE
THE END OF CORRUPTION THAT HAVE
MET THE STANDARDS THAT WERE
REQUIRED FOR FUNDING. THE OTHER
THING IS WHEN LIEUTENANT COLONEL
THEN MEN THOUGHT THE WORDS THAT
HE HEARD WERE APPALLING TO BE
INAPPROPRIATE FOR A CALL TO THE
PRESIDENT AS IT RELATES TO A
QUESTION TYING THE MILITARY AID
TO INVESTIGATION BIDEN AND
OTHERS
, SONS AND OTHERS AND NOT
OFFICIAL POLICY. HE IMMEDIATELY
GIVE IT TO THE NFC COUNSEL JOHN
EISENBERG. JOHN EISENBERG TOOK
THE INFORMATION AND THEN
ULTIMATELY PUT IT IN A SEPARATE
COATED FILING. AND ASKED THAT
LIEUTENANT COLONEL NOT SAY
ANYTHING ABOUT IT. THAT IS
UNUSUAL. YOU WOULD THINK THAT IF
IT WAS NORMAL BUSINESS AND IT
HAD TO DO WAS STANDARD U.S.
FOREIGN-POLICY IT WOULD BE OKAY
TO TALK ABOUT THAT CALL. THEY
KNEW A MAJOR MISTAKE HAD BEEN
MADE. THEY KNEW THAT THE
PRESIDENT HAD OFFERED TO GIVE
MILITARY AID IF HE GOT AN
INVESTIGATION AGAINST HIS
POLITICAL RIVAL AND HIS
POLITICAL RIVAL HAPPEN TO BE JOE
BIDEN.
THAT WAS CONSPICUOUSLY USING
PUBLIC OFFICE IN PUBLIC MONEY
FOR PUBLIC AND PRIVATE DESIRES.
LET ME ALSO SAY OUR FRIENDS TALK
ABOUT THE COURTS. WE HAVE NOT
SHIED AWAY FROM THE COURTS.
JUDGE HOWELL
, REGARDING THE GRAND JURY
MATERIAL SPECIFICALLY SAID THERE
IS AN IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY YOU
CAN'T STAND IN THE WAY MR.
PRESIDENT. JUDGE JACKSON
INDICATED IN HER DECISION THAT
THE PRESIDENT WAS NOT A KING. WE
ARE HERE TO TALK ABOUT
NOT AS A MOTHER SOMEONE'S CHILD.
WHO MAY HAVE SOME CONCERNS. LIKE
EVERY AMERICAN'S CHILD MAY HAVE.
WHICH I AM SADDENED THAT THOSE
PERSONAL MATTERS WERE RAISED. WE
ARE HERE TO TALK ABOUT THE ABUSE
OF THIS PRESIDENT AND THE
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS. ANOTHER
AMENDMENT WE VOTED AGAINST.
AND RODINO STATEMENT DURING THE
NIXON PROCEEDINGS HE MADE IT
CLEAR TO PRESIDENT NIXON
REGARDING HIS
FAVOR TO COMPLY WITH SUBPOENAS.
ISSUES PURSUED TO THE WATERGATE
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY. THE
CONSTITUTION REINFORCES THE FACT
THAT WE HAVE THE SOLE POWER OF
IMPEACHMENT. THE UNDERLYING
DECISIONS OF THE TWO COURT
DECISIONS I MENTION IS THAT WE
WERE AN IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY. AS
A REMINDER TO MY COLLEAGUES THIS
COMMITTEE ME ULTIMATELY APPROVED
AN ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT
IT IS CLEAR IT WAS A CASE WHERE
THE PRESIDENT CANNOT DICTATE TO
THE HOUSE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY.
WHAT HE WAS REFUSING TO GIVE OR
NOT. THIS IS WHERE MY FRIENDS
STEER OFF THE RAILS. THEY REFUSE
TO ACKNOWLEDGE THE FACTS OF THE
CASE. THE PRESIDENT TOOK MONEY
TO USE THE MONIES TO DENY MR.
ZELINSKI HE WAS GOING TO GO
AHEAD AND ANNOUNCE THE
INVESTIGATIONS ON CNN. WHAT WAS
STOPPED IN HIS TRACKS WHEN THE
WHISTLEBLOWER LETTER
OR STATEMENT WAS RELEASED, IT
WAS OUT OF THE BAG. THAT THE
PRESIDENT HAD DONE THIS ON THE
JULY 25 CALL. LET'S BE CLEAR.
THIS IS ABOUT FACTS AND THE
CONSTITUTION.
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN I'VE
BEEN SITTING HERE ALL DAY
I'VE BEEN SITTING HERE ALL DAY
LONG. I WANT TO SAY THIS TO THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE BEFORE OUR DAY
ENDS TODAY.
MY COLLEAGUES AND I HAVE
EXPLAINED THE EVIDENCE THAT WE
HAVE HEARD. WE HAVE BEEN TALKING
ABOUT ALL THE DOCUMENTS AND
HEARD FROM SO MANY WITNESSES
ALONG THE WAY. AS WE
HAVE BEEN UPHOLDING OUR
CONSTITUTIONAL OBLIGATION TO
DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION, SOME
TODAY HAVE ARGUED WE HAVE NOT
UPHELD OUR CONSTITUTIONAL
OBLIGATION TO LEGISLATE
AND TO SOLVE PROBLEMS. ALL WE
WANT TO DO IS IMPEACH THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
I TRULY WANT TO ASSURE THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE AND GIVE YOU
HOPE THIS IS NOT TRUE. I WANT TO
MAKE SURE
THAT WE SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT.
SO YOU KNOW WE HAVE BEEN WORKING
ON YOUR BEHALF. DESPITE WHAT
MANY PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY
THINK CONGRESS CAN WALK AND CHEW
GUM AT THE SAME TIME.
THIS CONGRESS HAS BEEN WORKING
VERY HARD ON BEHALF OF THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE. IN SPITE OF
EVERYTHING THAT IS HAPPENING
WITH THIS IMPEACHMENT. THIS VERY
DAY A BILL
, WE PASSED A BILL THAT LOWERS
THE COST OF PRESCRIPTION DRUGS
FOR HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF
AMERICANS. HR THREE. IT WILL
SAVE OUR TAXPAYERS OVER $456
BILLION OVER THE NEXT DECADE.
AND ALLOW FOR THE EXPANSION OF
MEDICARE COVERAGE. INCLUDING
HEARING, DENTAL AND VISION
BENEFITS. JUST THIS WEEK WE
ACHIEVED MONUMENTAL CHANGES TO
THE U.S. MEXICO CANADA TRADE
AGREEMENT. WE HAVE BEEN WAITING
A LONG TIME FOR THAT. THIS
AGREEMENT IS HUGE. IT'S A HUGE
WIN FOR OUR FAMILIES, WORKERS
AND BUSINESS OWNERS. IN EVERY
DISTRICT ACROSS THE UNITED
STATES. WE CONTINUE TO WORK TO
MAKE SURE THAT WE STAY
COMPETITIVE IN A GLOBAL
ENVIRONMENT. YESTERDAY WE VOTED
TO SUPPORT THE NDA A.
LEGISLATION THAT WILL KEEP OUR
COUNTRY SAFE. AND WILL GIVE A
RAISE TO OUR SERVICEMEMBERS AND
INCLUDE IMPORTANT REFORMS.
LIKELY FOR ALL FEDERAL EMPLOYEES
AND RE-APPEALING THE WIDOWS TAX.
YOU IN ON THIS COMMITTEE WE HAVE
WORKED TOGETHER. THIS WEEK BY
REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES
, CONGRESSMAN RUSH AND PAUL AND
I WERE AMONG A BIPARTISAN GROUP
OF LAWMAKERS TO INTRODUCE
LEGISLATION THAT WOULD END
ONLINE CHILD EXPLOITATION. SINCE
WE HAVE BEEN SITTING IN THIS
ROOM TODAY A DEAL HAS BEEN
FORGED. BY OUR COLLEAGUES. TO
FUND OUR GOVERNMENT. AND AVOID
ANOTHER SHUTDOWN. THROUGHOUT
THIS INVESTIGATION
MY COLLEAGUES AND I HAVE BEEN
FULFILLING OUR DUTIES. AS
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS. DO NOT BE
DECEIVED. WE HAVE BEEN WORKING
ON THE AMERICAN PUBLIC'S BEHALF.
EVERY SINGLE DAY. IN SPITE OF
THE TRAGEDY WE ARE IN NOW WITH
THIS IMPEACHMENT. THIS CONGRESS,
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, WE
HAVE PASSED OVER 275 BILLS. 275
BILLS.
WE ARE DEFENDING OUR DEMOCRACY.
AND DELIVERING ON THE PROMISES
THAT WE MAKE TO EACH AND EVERY
ONE OF OUR CONSTITUENTS. I WANT
THE AMERICAN PUBLIC TO KNOW
THIS. WE ARE TRULY DISHEARTENED.
BY WHAT IS HAPPENING HERE WITH
IMPEACHMENT. DO KNOW WE ARE
WORKING ON YOUR BEHALF. EACH AND
EVERY SINGLE DAY. WE WILL
CONTINUE TO DO WHAT WE SWORE AN
OATH TO DO. THAT IS TO PROTECT
AND SERVE YOU. EVEN IN THIS
MOMENT. IN THIS TRAGEDY, BE REST
ASSURED WE WILL DO JUST THAT.
>> WHAT PURPOSE
>>
I TRY TO TEACH MY STUDENTS TO
PICK THE BEST ARGUMENT. I WILL
IGNORE
ALL OF THE FRIVOLOUS PROCESS
OBJECTIONS ABOUT THE ROOMS AND
THE TEMPERATURE. ALL THAT STUFF
WE HAVE HEARD ABOUT. I WILL TRY
TO MAKE WHAT I THINK IS THE BEST
ARGUMENT OR RECONSTRUCT THE BEST
ARGUMENT THAT HAS COME OUT
TODAY.
OUR COLLEAGUES FACE A DIFFICULT
TASK. 70% OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
BELIEVE THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS
DONE SOMETHING WRONG. IN THESE
ACTIONS OF TRYING TO PRESSURE A
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT TO GET
INVOLVED IN OUR ELECTION.
THEY HAVE A PROBLEM THERE. THEY
HAVE ANOTHER PROBLEM WHICH IS
THERE IS AN OVERWHELMING AND
UNCONTRADICTED BODY OF EVIDENCE
THAT THE PRESIDENT DID THAT.
THE PRESIDENT WITHHELD HUNDREDS
OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN
SECURITY ASSISTANCE. THAT WE HAD
VOTED FOR OR BESIEGED FOR AN
ALLY.
HE WAS TRYING TO GET THE
PRESIDENT OF THAT COUNTRY. TO
AGREE
TO CONDUCT A PRESS CONFERENCE.
HE WOULD SAY HE WAS
INVESTIGATING THE BIDENS. HE
ALSO WANTED PRESIDENT ZELINSKI
TO VALIDATE VLADIMIR PUTIN'S
DISINFORMATION CONSPIRACY THEORY
ABOUT THE 2016 CAMPAIGN.
WHICH IS THAT IT WAS THE UKRAINE
AND NOT RUSSIA THAT ENGAGED IN
THE SWEEPING AND SYSTEMATIC
CAMPAIGN TO INTERFERE IN OUR
ELECTIONS. WHAT DO YOU DO WITH
THAT? WE CAN UNDERSTAND WHY THEY
HAVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT PROCESS
FOR MONTHS. I THINK THEY
UNDERSTAND THIS IS A SERIOUS
INVESTIGATION. WITH THE RIGOROUS
METHODS. AND SERIOUS INESCAPABLE
CONCLUSIONS. THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
ARE FOCUSED ON IT. THE MAJORITY
WOULD LIKE TO SEE THE PRESIDENT
IMPEACHED. ACCORDING TO FOX NEWS
ANYWAY. HUGE NUMBERS OF
AMERICANS ARE VERY DISTURBED BY
THIS. WHAT HAVE THEY COME UP
WITH? THEY HAVE NOT FOUND AN
ALIBI.
THEY COME UP WITH THE DEFENSE
WHICH TO ME LOOKS A MITIGATING
FACTOR. A PLEA FOR MERCY. THE
PRESIDENT DID ALL OF THESE
THINGS. HIS MOTIVE IS
MISUNDERSTOOD. ALL OF US THINK
HE WAS DOING IT BECAUSE HE
WANTED TO ADVANCE HIS OWN
REELECTION PROSPECTS. IN SOME
SENSE HE WANTED TO HELP FOR
WHATEVER REASON HIS FRIEND
VLADIMIR PUTIN.
PUTIN HAS BEEN ON TV BRAGGING
ABOUT THE FACT THAT EVERYONE IS
FOCUSED ON THE UKRAINE IN THE
2016 ELECTION AND NOT RUSSIA.
NOTE TO MR. PUTIN THAT'S NOT
RIGHT. WE UNDERSTAND WHAT'S
GOING ON. IN ANY EVENT
, THE NEW ARGUMENT IS THAT THE
PRESIDENT WAS NOT TRYING TO
ADVANCE HIS OWN POLITICAL
INTEREST. HE WAS TRYING TO
ADVANCE
LITTLE-KNOWN CAMPAIGN AGAINST
CORRUPTION. THAT'S WHY SO MUCH
OF A DISCUSSION TODAY HAS BEEN
ABOUT CORRUPTION.
I WANT TO CATALOG SOME OF THE
OTHER ONES. TO TRY TO PUT THIS
IN ORDER. SO PEOPLE CAN
UNDERSTAND THE PROBLEM WITH
THEIR BEST ARGUMENT.
THE PRESIDENT NEVER RAISE THE
WORD CORRUPTION ON THE JULY 25
TELEPHONE CALL. BIDENS NAME WAS
MENTIONED SEVERAL TIMES. WASN'T
CORRUPTION, CORRUPTION,
CORRUPTION. IT WAS BIDEN, BIDEN,
BIDEN. YOU NEVER RAISED ANY
OTHER COMPANIES AT ALL. IT WAS
ALL ABOUT CHARISMA
, HUNTER BIDENS COMPANY. THAT'S
ALL HE MENTIONED. HE'S NEVER
MENTIONED ANY OTHER COMPANY IN
CONNECTION WITH CORRUPTION IN
THE UKRAINE IN 2017 AND 18 THE
PRESIDENT PASSED IT ALONG. HE
DID NOT EVEN RAISE THE BIDENS AT
THAT POINT IT BECAME AN ISSUE IN
2019. WHY? JOE BIDEN HAD
SURPASSED HIM IN THE PUBLIC
OPINION POLLS. NOW SUDDENLY IT
WAS A BIG ISSUE. HE CARED ABOUT
IT. WHAT IS THE OTHER EVIDENCE?
THE PRESIDENT'S TEAM, RUDY
GIULIANI
AND PARNAS AND FRUMAN ENGAGE IN
A SMEAR CAMPAIGN AGAINST THE
U.S. AMBASSADOR WHO WAS
AGAINST THE UKRAINE. THE
PRESIDENT GOT HER OUT OF THE
WAY. HE PULLED HER BACK. ALL THE
EVIDENCE SHOWS THEY WERE
PROMOTING CORRUPTION AND A
CORRUPT SCHEME. THEY WERE NOT
TRYING TO ATTACK IT.
>> THANK YOU CHAIRMAN.
>> WHAT PURPOSES DO YOU
GENERALLY SEEK RECOGNITION?
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD. BRIEFLY MR. CHAIRMAN AND
MEMBERS, BIDEN'S NAME WAS USED
MULTIPLE TIMES. I THINK THAT IS
A LITTLE MISLEADING.
THE ONLY PLACE IN THIS WHOLE
TELEPHONE CALL WHERE BIDEN IS
EVEN BROUGHT UP IS IN ONE LITTLE
PARAGRAPH. THAT WAS ON PAGE 4 OF
FIVE PAGES OF THE TRANSCRIPTS.
MOST OF THE CALL WAS ABOUT
CONGRATULATING PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY  AND THE NEW
PARLIAMENT. TALKING ABOUT HOW A
LOT OF THE EUROPEAN COUNTRIES
AREN'T PITCHING IN WITH THE AID.
THAT WAS THE UKRAINE AS MUCH AS
THE UNITED STATES HAD. ALL KINDS
OF THINGS. IT WAS A LONG PHONE
CALL. IT IS DISINGENUOUS TO SAY
THE WHOLE THING WAS ABOUT THIS.
BIDEN WAS MENTIONED SEVERAL
TIMES.
I KNOW THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
TWEETS THIS OUT. HE READS THE
TRANSCRIPT. I WISH PEOPLE WOULD.
EVERYBODY WATCHES TV.
THEY GET THESE COMMENTS. I DID
THIS WITH MY HUSBAND. I SO WOULD
YOU PLEASE READ THE TRANSCRIPTS.
IT'S ONLY FIVE PAGES LONG. IT
DOESN'T TAKE THAT MUCH. AFTER HE
READ IT HE WAS LIKE THAT IS IT
THAT'S ALL THEY'VE GOT? THIS IS
A MENTION ABOUT BIDEN. PAGE 5,
THE OTHER THING, THERE'S A LOT
OF TALK ABOUT BIDEN'S SON. THAT
BIDEN STOPPED THE PROSECUTION. A
LOT OF PEOPLE WANT TO FIND OUT
ABOUT THAT. WHATEVER YOU CAN DO
WITH THE ATTORNEY GENERAL WOULD
BE GREAT. BIDEN WENT AROUND
BRAGGING THAT HE STOPPED THE
PROSECUTION. IF YOU CAN LOOK
INTO IT, IT SOUNDS HORRIBLE TO
ME. THAT'S IT FOLKS. THAT'S ALL
THERE IS. MR. CHAIRMAN I YIELD
BACK.
>> THE QUESTION NOW OCCURS ON
THE AMENDMENT. THOSE IN FAVOR
SAY I. THOSE OPPOSED SAY NO. THE
OPINION OF THE CHAIR. THE
AMENDMENT IS NOT AGREED TO. A
ROLLCALL IS REQUESTED.
>> MR. NADLER?
>> KNOW.
>> NO'S LOFGREN VOTES NO.
>> MISS JACKSON-LEE VOTES NO.
MR. COHEN VOTES NO. MR. JOHNSON
OF GEORGIA VOTES NO. ESTHER
JOINTS VOTES NO. MR. RICHMOND?
MR. JEFFRIES? MR. CESSA LEANING?
HE VOTES NO. MISTRESS WALL BALL
VOTES NO. MR. RASKIN? HE VOTES
NO. MISS DEMING'S? NO.
MR. CORREA? MISS SCANLAN?
>> NO.
>> MR. AND IT GOES VOTES NO. MR.
STANTON VOTES NO.
>> NO.
>> MISS ESCOBAR VOTES NO. MR.
COLLINS VOTES EYE
MR. GOMER VOTES AYE.  MR. JORDAN
VOTES YES.
MISS ROBIE? MISS ROBIE VOTES
AYE. MR. GATES VOTES  AYE.  MR.
JOHNSON OF LOUISIANA VOTES AYE.
MR. McCLINTOCK VOTES AYE.  MISS
LESKO VOTES I AYE.  MR.
ARMSTRONG? MR. ARMSTRONG VOTES
YES.
>> DOES EVERYONE VOTED WHO
WISHES TO VOTE.
>> MR. CORREA VOTES NO.
>> ANYONE ELSE WHO WISHES TO
VOTE?
>> MR. CHAIRMAN THERE ARE 17
DASHES
>> ARE THERE ANY FURTHER
AMENDMENTS?
MR. CHAIRMAN I HAVE AN
AMENDMENT.
>> AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT IN
THE NATURE OF THE SUBSTITUTE.
OFFERED BY MR. ROSENTHAL OF
PENNSYLVANIA.
STAGE FIVE BEGINNING ON LINE 6.
STRIKE ARTICLE TO.
>> I WITHDRAW MY POINT OF ORDER.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED
FOR FIVE MINUTES TO EXPLAIN HIS
AMENDMENT.
>> THANK YOU MR. CHAIRMAN.
>> MY AMENDMENT WOULD STRIKE ALL
OF ARTICLE 2. THE FACTS SIMPLY
DO NOT ALIGN WITH THE DEMOCRATS
CLAIM OF OBSTRUCTION. OUR
GOVERNMENT HAS THREE BRANCHES
FOR A REASON.
WHEN THERE IS A DISAGREEMENT
BETWEEN THE EXECUTIVE AND THE
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH IT IS
SUPPOSED TO BE RESOLVED BY THE
THIRD BRANCH, THE COURT.
REPUBLICANS RECOGNIZE THIS IN
2011.
WHEN THE INVESTIGATED PRESIDENT
OBAMA'S FAST AND FURIOUS
SCANDAL. THE FAST AND FURIOUS
CANDLE ALLOWED 2000 FIREARMS
TO FALL INTO THE HANDS OF DRUG
CARTELS. AND RESULTED IN THE
DEATH OF AN AMERICAN BORDER
PATROL AGENT. PEOPLE ACTUALLY
DIED IN PRESIDENT OBAMA SCANDAL.
THROUGHOUT THE REPUBLICANS
INVESTIGATION OF THE SCANDAL
THEY MADE NUMEROUS ATTEMPTS TO
ACCOMMODATE THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION. YET DESPITE
THEIR EFFORTS PRESIDENT OBAMA
INVOKE EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE AND
BARRED TESTIMONY AND DOCUMENTS.
WHAT DID THE REPUBLICANS DO? THE
APPROPRIATE THING.
THEY WENT TO THE COURTS.
COMPARED THOSE EFFORTS WITH WHAT
WE HAVE SEEN FROM THE DEMOCRATS
DURING THIS IMPEACHMENT SHAM.
HOUSE DEMOCRATS COULD WORK FOR
THE ADMINISTRATION TO REACH
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR THEIR
REQUEST. THEY DIDN'T. WHY IS
THAT? IT IS SIMPLE. THEY HAVE A
DEADLINE TO SEND THIS MESS OUT
OF CONGRESS AND INTO THE SENATE
BEFORE CHRISTMAS.
DESPITE WHAT YOU HEAR FROM MY
COLLEAGUES THE ADMINISTRATION
HAS CONSISTENTLY COOPERATED WITH
DEMOCRATS. EVEN THOUGH THEY HAVE
BEEN OUT TO GET THIS PRESIDENT
SINCE THE VERY MOMENT HE WAS
ELECTED. LET'S GO THROUGH THE
NUMBERS. OVER 25 ADMINISTRATION
OFFICIALS HAVE TESTIFIED BEFORE
THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE.
OVER 25. 20 ADMINISTRATION
OFFICIALS HAVE TESTIFIED BEFORE
THIS COMMITTEE.
THE ADMINISTRATION HAS ALSO
HANDED OVER MORE THAN 100,000
PAGES OF DOCUMENTS. SINCE THE
START OF THE SHAM IMPEACHMENT
INQUIRY.
DEMOCRATS HAVE THREATENED
WITNESSES.
THAT QUOTE ON QUOTE ANY FAILURE
TO APPEAR IN RESPONSE TO A
LETTER REQUESTING THEIR PRESENTS
WOULD CONSTITUTE EVIDENCE OF
OBSTRUCTION. LET ME GO THROUGH
THAT LANGUAGE. A LETTER WOULD
CONSTITUTE EVIDENCE OF
OBSTRUCTION. THAT'S NOT A
SUBPOENA THAT IS A LETTER.
DEMOCRATS HAVE TOLD
THE STATE DEPARTMENT EMPLOYEE
THAT THEY INSISTED ON USING
AGENCY COUNSEL TO PROTECT
EXECUTIVE BRANCH CONFIDENTIALITY
INTEREST. THEY WOULD HAVE THEIR
SALARIES WITHHELD. THAT SOUNDS
LIKE ABUSE OF POWER. I DIGRESS A
LITTLE BIT. DEMOCRATS HAVE NOT
AFFORDED THIS PRESIDENT BASIC
PROCEDURE
PROTECTIONS. SUCH AS THE RIGHT
TO SEE THE EVIDENCE AND THE
RIGHT TO CALL WITNESSES OR THE
RIGHT TO HAVE COUNSEL AT
HEARINGS. JUST NOT THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION THAT HAS BEEN
RAILROADED BY THE DEMOCRATS.
JUDICIARY DEMOCRATS VOTED DOWN
MY OWN SUBPOENA AND MY MOM OCEAN
MOTION TO SUBPOENA.
EVEN THOUGH I SAID HE OR SHE
COULD TESTIFY AT THE EXECUTIVE
SESSION. YET THEY VOTED IT DOWN.
CHAIRMAN NADLER REFUSED THE
REQUEST THE CHAIRMAN SHIFT
TESTIFY BEFORE THE COMMITTEE.
HOUSE DEMOCRATS ALSO DENIED
EVERY REPUBLICAN REQUEST FOR A
FACT WITNESS. I ASK WHO IS
REALLY OBSTRUCTING CONGRESS? THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE NO CASE WHEN IT
COMES TO OBSTRUCTION.
THIS OBSTRUCTION CHARGE IS
BASELESS AND BOGUS. IF THEY
REALLY WANTED TO CHARGE SOMEWHAT
THE WITH OBSTRUCTION HOW ABOUT
THEY START WITH ADAM SCHIFF.
THANK YOU.
>>
I WOULD LIKE TO BEGIN BY
ANSWERING MY COLLEAGUES
QUESTION. WHO IS REALLY
OBSTRUCTING CONGRESS? WHO IS?
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP. THE TEXT
OF THE CONSTITUTION
DEVOTES A FEW SENTENCES TO A
DISCUSSION OF IMPEACHMENT POWER.
AMONG THE FEW SENTENCES IS THE
CLEAR STATEMENT THAT THE HOUSE
POSSESSES THE SOLE POWER OF
IMPEACHMENT. THAT MEANS IT WAS
IN THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE
HOUSE TO DETERMINE WHAT EVIDENCE
IS NECESSARY FOR IT TOGETHER IN
ORDER TO EXERCISE THAT POWER.
THE HOUSE IS SO POWER OF
IMPEACHMENT WOULD BE HOLED INTO
THE DICTATES OF THE JUDICIAL RAN
THE
THAN THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH. PAST
PRESIDENTS HAVE DISAPPROVED OF
IMPEACHMENT AND CRITICIZE THE
HOUSE. DOUBTED ITS MOTIVES AND
INSISTED THEY DID NOTHING WRONG.
NO PRESIDENT INCLUDING PRESIDENT
NIXON WHO WAS ON THE VERGE OF
BEING IMPEACHED FOR OBSTRUCTION
OF CONGRESS HAD DECLARED HIMSELF
AND THE ENTIRE BRANCH OF
GOVERNMENT HE OVERSEES TOTALLY
EXEMPT FROM SUBPOENAS ISSUED BY
THE HOUSE. PURSUANT TO ITS SOLE
POWER OF IMPEACHMENT. PRESIDENT
TRUMP HAS MADE COMPLIANCE WITH
EVERY DEMAND. A CONDITION OF
CONSIDERING
WHETHER TO HONOR SUBPOENAS. HE
HAS DIRECTED HIS SENIOR
OFFICIALS TO VIOLATE THEIR OWN
LEGAL OBLIGATIONS TO TURNOVER
SUBPOENAS AND PROVIDE TESTIMONY.
THE HOUSE WAS ONLY ABLE TO
CONDUCT ITS INQUIRY INTO THE
UKRAINE MATTER BECAUSE SEVERAL
WITNESSES LIKE THE AMBASSADORS
IN THE ETERNAL COLONEL
HAVE THE COURAGE TO DEFY THE
PRESIDENTS UNLAWFUL COMMANDS.
MY COLLEAGUES TALK ABOUT
INFORMATION THAT WE SHOULD WAIT
TO GET FROM THE COURT.
WE WOULD NOT HAVE TO WAIT TO GET
FROM THE COURT IF THE PRESIDENT
WOULD COMPLY AND PROVIDE
DOCUMENTS. I REMEMBER WHEN
AMBASSADOR SUMLIN WAS
TESTIFYING. HE SAID HE WAS
TESTIFYING FROM MEMORY. HE
WASN'T EVEN ALLOWED TO HAVE
ACCESS
TO HIS OWN NOTES IN THE STATE
DEPARTMENT. PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS
ABUSED HIS POWER AND IS A
CONTINUED THREAT TO OUR
DEMOCRACY AND NATIONAL SECURITY.
HE PUT HIMSELF BEFORE THE
COUNTRY AND NO ONE IS ABOVE THE
LAW. WHEN I THINK OF OUR
ELECTIONS AND MY CONCERN, OUR
ELECTIONS SHOULD BE DECIDED BY
US.
WE TALKED IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN
ABOUT THE REAL REASON FOR ALL OF
THIS WAS HIS CONCERN ABOUT
CORRUPTION. AS ONE OF MY
COLLEAGUES SAID EARLIER TODAY IF
HE WAS CONCERNED ABOUT
CORRUPTION HE WOULD BE CONCERNED
ABOUT
WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE WHITE
HOUSE. AND ALL THE PEOPLE WHO HE
HAS BEEN AFFILIATED WITH. WHO
ARE AWAITING SENTENCES OR SENT
TO PRISON, SERVING TIME OR ARE
AWAITING COURT.
IT'S NOTEWORTHY THAT MEMBERS OF
THE MINORITY NEVER ACTUALLY
DEFENDED PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
MISCONDUCT. BY DECEIT DISPUTING
THE FACTS OF THE CASE. BUT
INSTEAD TRYING TO DISTRACT WITH
THE RELEVANT ISSUES.
I DON'T BELIEVE MY COLLEAGUES ON
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE
ANSWERED. FORGET PRESIDENT
TRUMP. IS IT EVER OKAY FOR A
PRESIDENT TO INVITE FOREIGN
INTERFERENCE IN OUR ELECTION?
WITH THAT I YIELD TO MY
COLLEAGUE FROM CALIFORNIA.
>> I WOULD LIKE TO ASK UNANIMOUS
CONSENT BEFORE THE END OF THE
RECORD. A LETTER FROM THE
PRESIDENT'S COUNSEL. DATED
OCTOBER 8, 2019.
>> WITH THAT OBJECTION.
>> CERTAINLY WE HAVE A RIGHT TO
RECEIVE INFORMATION. WE HAVE A
RIGHT TO MAKE A JUDGMENT ON THE
INFORMATION THAT WE HAVE BEEN
ABLE TO OBTAIN.
IMPEACHMENT IS SOLELY IN THE
PROVINCE OF THE CONGRESS. JUST
ON THE NARROW ISSUE OF THE
ASSERTION OF PRIVILEGE, I THINK
IT'S IMPORTANT TO NOTE THE
PRIVILEGE, NO PRIVILEGE WAS
ASSERTED IN THIS LETTER BY THE
COUNCIL.
HE DOESN'T SAY IT IS EXECUTIVE
PRIVILEGE. HE DOESN'T SAY
ANYTHING YOU COULD TAKE TO
COURT. HE SAYS HE DOESN'T LIKE
WHAT WE ARE DOING. THEY WILL NOT
GIVE US ANYTHING.
THAT IS AN ABSURD SITUATION. IT
IS NOT ACCEPTABLE. IT IS REALLY
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS. I THINK
THE GENTLE LADY FOR YIELDING. I
YIELD BACK TO HER. MY TIME HAS
EXPIRED.
>> FOR PURPOSES.
>> I WILL DISTRACT THE LAST
WORD. LISTENING TO MY TWO
COLLEAGUES FROM CALIFORNIA, THIS
SEEMS TO BE THE GREATEST AMOUNT
OF CIRCULAR REASONING
WE HAVE HEARD IN THE LAST COUPLE
OF DAYS. THERE HAS BEEN A LOT.
THIS IS ONE THAT GRABS THE BLUE
RIBBON. WHAT I HEAR IS AN
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY, IF THE
WHITE HOUSE DOES NOT GIVE THE
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES IN THIS
COMMITTEE EVERYTHING WE ASK FOR,
THEN THAT IS OBSTRUCTION OF
CONGRESS AND AN IMPEACHABLE
OFFENSE. THAT'S NOT WHAT THE LAW
SAYS OR WHAT THE LAW SHOULD BE.
THERE ARE CERTAIN PRIVILEGES AND
IMMUNITIES THAT THE PRESIDENT
HAS. YOU ARE RESPECTIVE OF
WHETHER WE ARE DOING OVERSIGHT
OR WHETHER WE ARE USING OUR
ARTICLE TO POWER. THE SOLE POWER
OF IMPEACHMENT. HE OUGHT TO BE
ABLE TO PRESENT THOSE IN A COURT
OF LAW. THIS IS NOT A COURT OF
LAW.
I DON'T KNOW IF THERE WERE ANY
PRIVILEGES INVOLVED. WE KNOW
WHAT THE ANSWER WILL BE. WE WILL
BLOW ANY CLAIM OF PRIVILEGE
AWAY. WE WILL BLOW ANY TYPE OF
EXECUTIVE IMMUNITY AWAY. WE ARE
GOING TO SIMPLY SAY WE WANTED,
WHETHER IT'S PRIVATE INFORMATION
OR DOING SOME LEGITIMATE
OVERSIGHT. WE KNOW THAT THE
REJECTION OF THE ARGUMENT THAT
WE SHOULD NOT HAVE TO GO TO
COURT FOR THAT IS BOGUS.
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES HAS
GONE TO COURT. TO TRY TO GET
ENFORCEMENT SUBPOENAS THAT ARE A
RESULT OF THIS IMPEACHMENT
INQUIRY. THE ENFORCEMENT AGAINST
DON AGAIN.
IT HAS GOTTEN AS FAR AS THE DC
CIRCUIT. OTHERS ARE PENDING
FURTHER BACKWARDS. IN THE
JUDICIAL SYSTEM. WHAT I WOULD
LIKE TO ASK BY MY FRIENDS ON THE
MAJORITY SIDE, OKAY THEY WERE
DONE WITH THIS IMPEACHMENT
INQUIRY NEXT WEEK. THE HOUSE
PASS BOTH ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. IT GOES TO THE
SENATE FOR TRIAL. DOES THAT MEAN
THE WHOLE NEXUS OF WHY YOU WERE
ATTEMPTING TO ENFORCE THOSE
SUBPOENAS IS GONE? ARE YOU GOING
TO GO TO COURT AND SAY IT IS
GONE? WE ARE MOVED TO DISMISS
THOSE ACTIONS TO SUPPORT
ENFORCEMENT OF THE SUBPOENAS? IF
YOU ARE FOLLOWING THE ARGUMENT
THAT I JUST HEARD YOU HAVE TO DO
IT. I DOUBTED.
>> I RECOGNIZE MYSELF. FOR FIVE
MINUTES.
THE ACTIONS OF THE WHITE HOUSE
OF THE PRESIDENT IN THIS CASE
ARE DIFFERENT IN KIND FROM ALL
PREVIOUS ACTIONS
OF EXECUTIVES OF PRESIDENTS.
IT'S NOT A QUESTION OF A CERTAIN
PRIVILEGE. RATHER THE COUNSEL
WROTE GIVING YOUR INQUIRY LACKS
ANY LEGITIMATE CONSTITUTIONAL
FOUNDATION
THAT IS OUR FUNCTION. THAT
SENTENCE SHOWS RIGHT THERE.
NUMBER ONE. NUMBER TWO IF THE
WHITE HOUSE HAS SIMPLY ASSERTED
PRIVILEGES FOR A NUMBER OF
WITNESSES THAT COULD BE
ADJUDICATED.
TO OPPOSE THAT AS A REASON FOR
IMPEACHMENT.
THAT WOULD BE INVALID. THAT'S
NOT WHAT WE ARE TALKING ABOUT.
WE ARE TALKING ABOUT THE
PRESIDENT
SAYING HE DOES NOT RECOGNIZE OUR
IMPEACHMENT. HE WILL NOT
PARTICIPATE IN IT. HE WILL NOT
GRANT ANYTHING. THAT IS AN
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS.
TO DECIDE WHETHER TO HAVE AN
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY. IT IS A
DECISION TO TRY TO FRUSTRATE
THAT INQUIRY BY DENYING ALL
PRECIPITATION
PARTICIPATION WITHOUT ASSERTING
PRIVILEGES. PRIVILEGES MAY BE
ADJUDICATED IN COURT.
IMPEACHMENT POWER CANNOT BE
EXERCISED BY CONGRESS. IF
ALLOWED TO GET AWAY WITH IT
AND ELIMINATES THE POWER OF
IMPEACHMENT. AS A CHECK ON THE
POWER OF THE PRESIDENCY. IT IS A
LARGE STEP TOWARD DICTATORSHIP.
THE THREAT OF IMPEACHMENT IS THE
ONLY THREAT. ON A PRESIDENT WHO
DESERVES POWERS AND DESTROYS THE
SEPARATION OF POWERS. ESPECIALLY
GIVEN THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
POLICY. THAT THE SITTING
PRESIDENT CANNOT BE INDICTED.
THAT LEAVES ONLY IMPEACHMENT AS
A REMEDY AND IS A CHECK ON
PRESIDENTIAL POWER. IF YOU DON'T
WANT A DICTATORSHIP YOU HAVE TO
ALLOW CONGRESS TO EXERCISE THE
POWER OF IMPEACHMENT. THIS MEANS
WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO GET THE
DOCUMENTS WE DEMAND. MAY BE
SUBJECT TO CERTAIN PRIVILEGES.
THAT IS NOT AN ISSUE. INSTEAD
WHAT HAS BEEN ASSERTED AS OF THE
EXECUTIVE IS THE RIGHT TO
DETERMINE THAT THE IMPEACHMENT
INCREASE IS INVALID.
THIS IS AN ASSERTION OF
TYRANNICAL POWER. WE MUST
IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT ON THIS
ARTICLE. TO GO ALONG WITH THIS
AMENDMENT AND GET RID OF ARTICLE
2. AN EFFECT THAT IS
PERMISSIBLE.
FOR THE PRESIDENT TO DENY THE
IMPEACHMENT POWER OF THE HOUSE
IS A LONG STEP AWAY FROM
CONSTITUTIONAL GOVERNMENT, AND A
LONG STEP AWAY FROM ANY CONTROL
OVER THE POWER OF THE PRESIDENT.
I OPPOSE THE AMENDMENT. I YIELD
BACK.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN?
>> I ASKED YOU IF YOU WOULD
YIELD FOR ONE QUICK MINUTE. ONE
QUICK QUESTION ON THAT. YOU SAID
IT IS THE ONLY REMEDY. WHY IS
COURT AN APPROPRIATE REMEDY IN
THIS CASE?
>> WHAT MIGHT BE AN APPROPRIATE
REMEDY IT'S A PRIVILEGE WE ARE
ASSERTING. I'M NOT WILLING TO
SAY YOU COULD MOUNT AN
IMPEACHMENT BASED. NO PRIVILEGES
HAVE BEEN ASSERTED. THERE IS
NOTHING FOR THE COURT TO REVIEW.
ALL THAT THE PRESIDENT SAID IS
THERE WILL
-- HE HAS DIRECTED EVERYONE TO
NOT PROVIDE A PIECE OF PAPER. DO
NOT TESTIFY. THERE IS NOTHING
FOR THE COURT TO REVIEW.
HE IS SIMPLY ASSERTING THAT THE
CONSTITUTION, THAT HE DOESN'T
RECOGNIZE THE CONSTITUTIONAL
POWER.
IT IS NOT HIS FUNCTION TO DO.
>> IS IN THE NEXT STEP TO HOLD A
WITNESS IN CONTEMPT FOR NOT
PRODUCING DOCUMENTS OR NOT
APPEARING?
>> IF A PRIVILEGE WERE ASSERTED,
YES. IT HAS BE GONE BEYOND THAT.
THE ONLY REMEDY FOR A PRESIDENT
WHO SAYS THE HOUSE DOES NOT HAVE
THE POWER TO DETERMINE IN
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS TO SAY
THAT IS AN OBSTRUCTION OF
CONGRESS.
>> MY TIME IS EXPIRED. I YIELD
BACK.
>> WHAT PURPOSE
--
>> GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZE.
>> I APPRECIATE THE GENTLEMAN
OFFERING HIS AMENDMENT TO STRIKE
THE SECOND ARTICLE. WHICH I
THINK IS RIDICULOUS. AS THE
FIRST ARTICLE IN THIS CASE.
OBSTRUCTION CHARGE REQUIRES A
CONCERTED EFFORT TO INTERFERE
WITH OR IMPEDE A CONGRESSIONAL
ELECTION. WHAT THE PRESIDENT DID
ASSERTING EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE IS
NOT IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM
OBSTRUCTION. EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE
IS A TIME HONORED
CONSTITUTIONALLY PROTECTED RIGHT
OF EACH AND EVERY
ADMINISTRATION. IT'S BEEN
ASSERTED TIME AND TIME AGAIN BY
ADMINISTRATION AFTER
ADMINISTRATION. BOTH REPUBLICAN
AND DEMOCRATIC.
WHEN CONGRESS DISAGREES WITH
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE THE REMEDY
IS NOT IMPEACHMENT. THE REMEDY
IS TO GO TO COURT AND LET THE
THIRD BRANCH OF GOVERNMENT
DECIDE WHO IS CORRECT. THAT'S
WHY WE HAVE CHECKS AND BALANCES
IN THIS COUNTRY. WE HAVE THREE
BRANCHES OF GOVERNMENT. IN THIS
CASE THE REMEDY IS TO GO TO THE
COURT AND LET THE COURT DECIDE
IF THE PRESIDENT AND THE
CONGRESS DISAGREE.
EXCEPT THAT THE HOUSE DEMOCRATS
HAVE DECIDED THEY DO NOT WANT TO
WAIT FOR THE COURTS TO DECIDE.
NOT WHEN THEY CAN IMPEACH THE
PRESIDENT. AND MAYBE DAMAGE HIM
POLITICALLY. APPARENTLY THAT IS
NOT HAPPENING. I THINK THAT WAS
THEIR GOAL. YOU WANT TO TALK
ABOUT ABUSE OF POWER, WHAT THE
HOUSE DEMOCRATS ARE DOING HERE
IS A CLEAR CASE IN MY VIEW. THE
MAJORITY SHOULD HOLD THEMSELVES
IN CONTEMPT.
FOR CONDUCTING THIS ONE-SIDED
BIAS IMPEACHMENT INVESTIGATION
AND THEN ATTACKING THE WHITE
HOUSE FOR REFUSING TO
PARTICIPATE IN AN UNFAIR
PROCESS. IF YOU LOOK AT THE
RECORD OF THIS PRESIDENT, THUS
FAR
, HE'S ONLY BEEN IN OFFICE THREE
YEARS. THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS ARE
QUITE CONSIDERABLE. IMPEACHING A
PRESIDENT THAT HAS ACCOMPLISHED
THESE THINGS IS ABSURD. LOOK AT
THE ECONOMY RIGHT NOW. WHY IS
THE ECONOMY DOING SO WELL? IT IS
TWO THINGS. THE TAX CUTS AND
JOBS ACT THAT THIS PRESIDENT
PUSHED. AND WAS PASSED WHEN THE
PREVIOUS CONGRESS WAS IN
CONTROL. THE DEMOCRATS KEPT
SCREAMING THESE ARE TAX CUTS.
85% OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE
THEIR TAXES REDUCED. WEALTHY
PEOPLE GOT THEIR TAXES TAUGHT
CUT. SO DID EVERYONE ELSE IN THE
ECONOMY. THAT'S ONE OF THE
PRINCIPAL REASONS WE ARE SEEING
THE ECONOMY CONTINUE TO GROW.
THAT'S A REASON UNEMPLOYMENT IS
SO LOW RIGHT NOW.
IT IS NOT JUST WEALTHY PEOPLE
DOING WELL. A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE
DOING WELL IT IS BECAUSE OF THE
TAX CUTS. 85% OF THE PEOPLE GOT
THEIR TAX CUT.
UNEMPLOYMENT IS AT AN ALL-TIME
LOW BECAUSE OF THIS PRESIDENT'S
POLICIES. IN CONJUNCTION WITH
CONGRESS.
BACK WHEN REPUBLICANS WERE IN
THE MAJORITY. I HAPPEN TO BE THE
LEAD REPUBLICAN ON THE HOUSE
SMALL BUSINESS COMMITTEE. I WAS
THE CHAIRMAN FOR THE LAST TWO
YEARS. SMALL BUSINESSES ARE
DOING VERY WELL RIGHT NOW. THEIR
CONFIDENCE IS AT AN ALL-TIME
HIGH. WHY IS IT SO IMPORTANT
SMALL BUSINESSES DO WELL? 70% OF
THE NEW JOBS ARE CREATED BY
SMALL BUSINESS FOLKS. ALL ACROSS
THIS COUNTRY. THE OTHER THING,
OTHER THAN TAXES BEING REDUCED
IS BECAUSE HE HAS REDUCED THE
REDTAPE. THE BUREAUCRACY. THE
REGULATIONS THAT COME OUT OF
WASHINGTON. HE SAID HIS GOAL WAS
TO GET RID OF TWO EXISTING
REGULATIONS RIGHT NOW.
FOR EVERY NEW REGULATION COMING
OUT OF WASHINGTON. THAT WAS A
TOUGH GOAL. THOSE TWO THINGS
TOGETHER
ARE ONE OF THE PRINCIPAL REASONS
THIS ECONOMY IS GROWING SO WELL.
THERE ARE SO MANY THINGS YOU
COULD TALK ABOUT. ONE THAT WILL
ACTUALLY HAPPEN SOON IS
IMPROVING NAFTA. USMCA.
HOPEFULLY THE DEMOCRATS WILL
PASS THIS IN THE HOUSE. THEY
FACE THE CHALLENGE. IF THEY
PASSED IT, THEN THE PRESIDENT
OBVIOUSLY IS GOING TO GET
CREDIT. HE HAS BEEN PUSHING
THIS. THEY ALSO ARE TRYING TO
GET RID OF THE LABEL OF BEING A
DO-NOTHING CONGRESS SINCE THEY
HAVE BEEN IN CONTROL NOW. THEY
WILL APPARENTLY IMPEACH THE
PRESIDENT. AT THE SAME TIME PAY
US. IT UNFORTUNATELY TAKES
IMPEACHING A PRESIDENT TO PASS
IT.
>> I RECOGNIZE
--
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
I AM REALLY UNCOMFORTABLE WITH
THE SUGGESTION THAT HAS BEEN
MADE SEVERAL TIMES TODAY. THAT
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION IS FOR
SALE. THERE IS NO EXCEPTION IN
THE CONSTITUTION THAT ALLOWS A
PRESIDENT TO CHEAT IN AN
ELECTION BECAUSE THE ECONOMY IS
GOING WELL.
MY OATH TO PROTECT AND DEFEND
THE CONSTITUTION ISN'T FOR SALE.
IF PRESIDENT TRUMP'S OBSTRUCTION
AND ABUSE OF POWER AND
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS
ARE NOT IMPEACHABLE NOTHING IS.
ARTICLE 1 CHARGES TRUMP WITH THE
ABUSE OF POWER FOR ATTEMPTING TO
UNDERMINE OUR ELECTIONS. THE
PRIMARY CHECK ON A PRESIDENT
BECOMING A KING'S ELECTIONS.
THIS PRESIDENT ABUSED HIS POWERS
TO UNDERMINE OUR ELECTIONS. THAT
IS ARTICLE 1. ARTICLE TO WHICH
MY COLLEAGUE SUGGESTED
WE SHOULD ABANDON. CHARGES
PRESIDENT TRUMP WITH OBSTRUCTION
OF CONGRESS FOR BLOCKING THE
PRODUCTION OF ALL DOCUMENTS AND
WITNESSES SUBPOENAED BY CONGRESS
IN THE IMPEACHMENT
INVESTIGATION. CONGRESS'S POWER
TO INVESTIGATE AND IMPEACH THE
PRESIDENT IS THE BACKSTOP
TO ELECTIONS. TO PROTECT OUR
GOVERNMENT. FROM BEING OVERRUN
BY A TYRANNICAL EXECUTIVE. THE
PRESIDENT HAS UNDERMINED OUR
CONSTITUTION OBSTRUCTING
CONGRESSES IMPEACHMENT POWER
WITHOUT A LEGAL BASIS.
FOR OUR CONSTITUTION TO OPERATE
PROPERLY IT DEPENDS UPON PEOPLE
OUT ACTING IN A REASONABLE
MANNER. WE ARE NOT DEALING WITH
AN EXECUTIVE AT THIS POINT WHO
IS ACTING ANY REASONABLE MANNER.
OFTEN PEOPLE ASK LAWYERS CAN I
SUE? IT IS AN OLD LAWYER JOKE.
OF COURSE YOU CAN SEE WHO
. THE QUESTION IS CAN YOU WIN?
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS MADE A
CAREER OUT OF SUING. KNOWING
THAT HE HAD NO CHANCE TO WIN. HE
HAS CLOGGED UP OUR COURTS. FOR
DECADES. HE USUALLY LOSES
BECAUSE HE HASN'T A LEGAL LEG TO
STAND ON. THAT IS THE SITUATION
WE ARE IN NOW. HE HAS DEFIED
CONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENAS WITHOUT
A LEGAL LEG TO STAND ON. HE
HASN'T CLAIMED EXECUTIVE
PRIVILEGE
TOUCHES SOMETHING THAT COULD GO
TO THE COURTS. HE'S MADE UP
SOMETHING CALLED ABSOLUTE
IMMUNITY. NEVER BEFORE IN THE
HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY HAVE WE
HAD A PRESIDENT WHO SAID YOU
CAN'T TALK TO ANYONE IN MY
ADMINISTRATION. YOU CAN'T SEE
ANY DOCUMENTS. WHEN WE HAD HOPE
HICKS COME BEFORE, THE
COMMUNICATION SECRETARY. COME
BEFORE THIS COMMITTEE SEVERAL
MONTHS AGO SHE WAS SUBJECT TO A
CLAIM OF ABSOLUTE IMMUNITY. SHE
WASN'T ALLOWED TO TESTIFY TO
ANYTHING THAT HAD HAPPENED
THAT SHE HAD SEEN THAT HAVE BEEN
DONE FROM THE MOMENT SHE WALKED
INTO THE WHITE HOUSE UNTIL SHE
LEFT. SHE WASN'T ALLOWED TO TELL
US WHERE HER OFFICE WAS THIS IS
THE ABSOLUTE IRON CURTAIN THAT
THIS PRESIDENT HAS TRIED TO
PLACE BETWEEN HIS ADMINISTRATION
AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. THERE
IS NO WAY I WILL VOTE TO REMOVE
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS FROM
THESE ARTICLES. I YIELD BACK.
>>
THE JAN LADY YELLS BACK.
WHAT PURPOSES MR. JORDAN?
>> I SUPPORT THE GENTLEMAN FROM
PENNSYLVANIA. HE SAID IN HIS
REMARKS THE REAL OBSTRUCTION
CAME FROM CHAIRMAN SHIFT WHICH
IS SO TRUE. YOU THE FIRST VICTIM
WAS? THIS COMMITTEE. UNLESS YOU
RUN THE INTEL COMMITTEE YOU
COULD NOT SET IN FOR THE 17 FACT
WITNESSES.
YOU COULD NOT BE A PART OF THOSE
DEPOSITIONS. SOME PEOPLE TRIED.
A GOOD FRIEND FROM FLORIDA TRIED
TO GET IN. THE FIRST VICTIM OF
THE REAL OBSTRUCTION TO GET TO
ALL THE INFORMATION
WAS THIS COMMITTEE. THE
COMMITTEE CHARGED WITH WRITING
OF THE ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT.
MARKING THEM UP AS WE SPEAK.
WASN'T ALLOWED TO BE IN THERE
FOR THE 17 WITNESSES.
THE DEMOCRAT ROLES WERE WORSE.
NO SUBPOENA POWER FOR
REPUBLICANS. DEPOSITIONS AS I
SAID DONE IN SECRET IN THE
BUNKER OF THE BASEMENT OF THE
CAPITAL. IN THOSE DEPOSITIONS
THESE WITNESSES WERE SUBPOENAED.
THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO ANSWER OUR
QUESTIONS.
ONLY THE DEMOCRATS GOT ALL OF
THEIR QUESTIONS ANSWERED. THERE
WERE QUESTIONS THAT REPUBLICANS
ASKED. DEMOCRATS DENIED
REPUBLICAN WITNESSES FOR THE
OPENING HEARINGS. WE WERE
ALLOWED TO CALL THE WITNESSES
THAT WE WANTED.
WE WERE NOT ALLOWED TO CALL OUR
WITNESSES. THE ONE WITNESS THAT
WE WANTED TO CALL EVEN THOUGH
ADAM SHIFT SAID WE DID NOT GET A
CHANCE TO HEAR FROM HIM. WHEN
THIS ALL HAPPENED IN SEPTEMBER.
ADAM SCHIFF TOLD US WE WILL GET
A HEAR FROM THE WHISTLEBLOWER.
THE WHISTLEBLOWER WITH NO
FIRST-HAND KNOWLEDGE. WHO WAS
BIASED AGAINST THE PRESIDENT AND
WORKED WITH JOE BIDEN. HE THEN
CHANGED HIS MIND. WHAT CHANGE
THE CHAIRMAN'S MIND? THE DAY
AFTER
THE CALL THE WHISTLEBLOWER
RIGHTS THIS MEMO. THE CALL
WAS DESCRIBED AS CRAZY AND
FRIGHTENING. HE WAITS 18 DAYS TO
FILE HIS COMPLAINT. THE
WHISTLEBLOWER GOES OFF AND SEES
ADAM SHIFT IN THAT TIMEFRAME.
GETS MARCHING ORDERS FROM ADAM
SCHIFF STAFF.
EVERYTHING CHANGES. WE DO NOT
GET TO HEAR FROM HIM. WE DON'T
GET TO HEAR FROM THE PERSON.
BECAUSE WE DON'T GET TO HEAR
FROM THE WHISTLEBLOWER, REMEMBER
THE COMPLAINT ON AUGUST 12. HE
SAYS THIS. OVER THE PAST FOUR
MONTHS MORE THAN HALF A DOZEN
U.S. OFFICIALS INFORMED ME ABOUT
THIS EFFORT. WE HAVE NO IDEA.
THE COMMITTEE MARKING UP
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT. WE HAVE
NO IDEA WHO THOSE OFFICIALS ARE.
WE DO NOT KNOW IF WE TALK TO
THEM OR IF THEY CAME AND
TESTIFIED. MY GUESS IS COLONEL
BITTMAN WAS ONE OF THEM. WHO
KNOWS. WE DON'T KNOW.
WE NEVER GOT TO TALK TO THE
INDIVIDUAL WHO STARTED IT ALL.
THAT'S THE CHAIRMAN OF THE INTEL
COMMITTEE TOLD US WHEN IT ALL
STARTED. WHEN IT IS DISCOVERED
THAT HAS STAFF I COMMUNICATED
WITH WHISTLEBLOWER NOPE, WE WILL
NOT GET TO. THE REAL VICTIM IS
THIS COMMITTEE. WE HAVE HAD FOUR
DEMOCRATIC WITNESSES IN FRONT OF
US.
ONE DEMOCRAT LAW PROFESSOR THAT
THE REPUBLICANS CALLED IN. THOSE
ARE THE FOUR WITNESSES AND A
BUNCH OF STUFF. OF THE 17
WITNESSES. I SUPPORT THE
GENTLEMAN FROM PENNSYLVANIA'S
AMENDMENT.
>> THE GENTLEMAN FROM RHODE
ISLAND IS RECOGNIZED.
>>
WE ARE CHARGED WITH THE
RESPONSIBILITY OF TAKING THE
FACTS THAT HAVE BEEN ESTABLISHED
IN THIS INVESTIGATION. APPLYING
THEM TO THE CONSTITUTION THAT WE
HAVE SWORN AND PROTECT AND
DEFEND. THIS SERIES OF EVENTS
WAS DESCRIBED BY TRUMP OFFICIALS
AND AMBASSADOR BOLTON IS A DRUG
DEAL. IT WAS DESCRIBED BY FIONA
HILL AS A DOMESTIC POLITICAL
ERRAND.
260 TEXT MESSAGES AND THE
TRANSCRIPT OF THE PRESIDENT'S
OWN WORDS. EMAILS BETWEEN
HIGH-RANKING OFFICIALS OF THE
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION. THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
HIRED RUDY GIULIANI TO LEAD THIS
EFFORT.
HE FIRED AMBASSADOR YVONNE
ELITCH. THE PRESIDENT PUT A HOLD
ON THE MILITARY AID TO THE
UKRAINE. HE DEMANDED THAT
ZELENSKY  ANNOUNCE -- THE
PRESIDENT PUT THE THREE AMIGOS
AND AMBASSADOR SOLD ONE SOMEONE
IN CHARGE OF THE UKRAINE.
THE PRESIDENT TOLD THE VICE
PRESIDENT, VICE PRESIDENT PENCE,
NOT TO ATTEND THE UKRAINE
INAUGURATION.
JUST TO NAME A FEW HIGHLIGHTS OF
THE EVIDENCE. IF YOU DRILL DOWN
MORE I DON'T WANT TO
DASHA TRUMP ADMINISTRATION
OFFICIALS WHO ARE IN THE MIDDLE
OF THIS ACTIVITY. JULY 21, 2019
THERE WAS A TEXT FROM AMBASSADOR
TAYLOR TO AMBASSADOR SONLAND.
DAVID HOLMES TESTIFIED. I WAS
SURPRISED THE REQUIREMENT WAS SO
SPECIFIC AND CONCRETE. THIS WAS
A DEMAND THE PRESIDENT ZELENSKY
ZELENSKY
MR. HOLMES TESTIFIED IN RESPONSE
TO A QUESTION DURING -- YOUR
ACKNOWLEDGING MR. HOLMES.
THE UKRAINE FELT PRESSURED TO
UNDERTAKE THE INVESTIGATIONS.
THAT THE PRESIDENT AND RUDY
GIULIANI AND OTHERS WERE
DEMANDING.
ANSWER TO MR. HOLMES YES SIR.
AMBASSADOR TAYLOR HAS A CALL IN
SEPTEMBER 8. AMBASSADOR TAYLOR
SAYS THIS IS A CAREER DIPLOMAT.
A VIETNAM WAR HERO. AMBASSADOR
TAYLOR SAYS
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS A
BUSINESSMAN. WHAT A BUSINESSMAN
IS ABOUT TO SIGN A CHECK, THIS
IS LIKE ASKING A PERSON TO PAY
UP BEFORE ASSIGNING A CHECK.
THAT EXPLANATION MADE NO SENSE.
UKRAINIANS DO NOT OWE PRESIDENT
TRUMP ANYTHING. AND HOLDING UP
SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR DOMESTIC
POLITICAL GAIN WAS CRAZY.
FINALLY ON SEPTEMBER 9
AMBASSADOR TAYLOR IN A TEXT
EXCHANGE WITH AMBASSADOR SONLAND
, I THINK IT'S CRAZY
TO WITHHOLD SECURITY ASSISTANCE
FOR HELP WITH THE POLITICAL
CAMPAIGN END QUOTE. THE RECORD
IS FILLED WITH EVIDENCE. IN
FACT, THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES ABUSE THE ENORMOUS
POWER OF HIS OFFICE IN AN EFFORT
TO CHEAT IN THE 2020 ELECTIONS.
TO DRIVE FOR INTERFERENCE INTO
THE 2020 ELECTION AND TO CORRUPT
AND AMERICAN PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION. AND USE THE POWER OF
HIS OFFICE WITH THE HELP OF
TAXPAYER FUNDS. TO LEVERAGE HIS
EFFORT TO DRAG FOREIGN POWERS
INTO OUR ELECTIONS. WHEN I HEAR
MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE AISLE SAY WHO IS THE
VICTIM
, THE VICTIM IS AMERICAN
DEMOCRACY. THE VICTIM IS THE
PEOPLE WE REPRESENT. WHO EXPECT
US TO HONOR OUR OATH AND PROTECT
AND DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION. ARE
MY REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES SAYING
IT IS OKAY FOR A PRESIDENT TO
INVITE OR DRAG OR PERSUADE OR
COERCE FOREIGN POWERS TO DISTORT
AN AMERICAN PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION?
WE HAVE MANY WOMEN WHO HAVE
GIVEN OUR LIVES TO PROTECT OUR
DEMOCRACY. WE OWE IT TO THEM TO
BE SURE YOU DON'T GET TO DECIDE
WHO'S GOING TO BE THE AMERICAN
PRESIDENT. THE AMERICAN PEOPLE,
NOT SOME FOREIGN POWER. IF WE
ALLOW THE PRESIDENT TO GET AWAY
WITH THIS WE WILL OF LOST OUR
DEMOCRACY AND WE WILL CONVEY
THAT TO FOREIGN POWERS. I URGE
MY COLLEAGUES
TO SUPPORT THESE ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. SO WE CAN VINDICATE
THE RIGHT OF THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE. TO DETERMINE THEIR OWN
FUTURE AND ELECT THEIR OWN
LEADERS.
>> MADAM CHAIR?
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> I WANT TO URGE SUPPORT FOR
THIS AMENDMENT STRIKING ARTICLE.
THERE HAS BEEN A LOT SAID TODAY.
AS EVERYONE HAS ACKNOWLEDGED.
I'M STRUCK BY THE HYPERBOLIC
LANGUAGE THAT IS BEING USED ON
THE OTHER SIDE.
AND THIS BREATHLESS CHARGE WE
HEAR ABOUT OVER AND OVER. THIS
IS THE FIRST TIME IN THE HISTORY
OF THE PUBLIC THAT ANY PRESIDENT
HAS INVOKED THIS KIND OF
IMMUNITY AND PRIVILEGE OVER
SUBPOENAS FROM CONGRESS. IT IS
SIMPLY NOT TRUE.
A REVIEW OF THE HISTORY, EVEN A
REVIEW OF THE WITNESS TESTIMONY
THAT WAS PRESENTED IN THIS VERY
COMMITTEE A WEEK AGO. IT WAS
SURELY THAT IS A BASELESS
CHARGE. THERE HAS NEVER BEEN A
SINGLE PARTY FRAUDULENT AND
PEACH PROCESS DEPLOYED AGAINST
THE PRESIDENT LIKE THE ONE
THAT'S BEING USED AGAINST DONALD
TRUMP. IT'S NOT THE CLAIM THAT
THE PRESIDENT DOESN'T WANT TO
TURN OVER WITNESSES OR
DOCUMENTS. THAT AS WE SAID IS
QUITE COMMON.
BY THE WAY LET'S REMEMBER IT
NEEDS TO BE NOTED AGAIN THAT
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS CONSISTENTLY
COOPERATED WITH THIS CONGRESS
AND FULFILLING ITS OVERSIGHT AND
INVESTIGATION RESPONSIBILITIES.
THIS MORNING THERE WERE 25
ADMINISTRATION OFFICIALS THAT
TESTIFIED. OVER 20 HAD TESTIFIED
BEFORE THE HOUSE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE. AT THE START OF THE
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY. THE WHITE
HOUSE PRODUCED MORE THAN 100,000
PAGES OF DOCUMENTS. TO THE
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE. IN SPITE OF
THEIR ALLEGATION THE DEMOCRATS
NOW PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS A LAWFUL
COST TO CHALLENGE THE SUBPOENAS.
THEY INVOLVE DIRECT
COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN
HIGH-RANKING ADVISORS AND A
PRESIDENT THAT IS VERY SENSITIVE
STUFF. IT'S RECOGNIZED TO BE
PRIVILEGED. WE NEED THE COURTS
TO SORT THROUGH THE NUANCES.
MOST OF THESE INDIVIDUALS ARE
NOT RELATED TO THE UKRAINE
MATTER. ANY OBJECTIVE OBSERVER
THE ADMINISTRATION IS BEING USED
BY THESE DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE
CHAIRS. TO ADVANCE THEIR
POLITICAL AGENDA. THIS AGENDA
DOES NOT ALLOW THEM TIME TO
PROCEED TO DO THIS THE RIGHT WAY
AND GO THROUGH THE PROCESS THAT
IS HISTORIC. PROFESSOR TURLEY
WAS OUR ONLY WITNESS. THE ONLY
ONE THAT WE WERE ALLOWED.
IN THE EXCEPTIONAL TESTIMONY HE
SUBMITTED TO US IN WRITING. HE
SAID QUOTE,
THIS IS PAGE 42 OF HIS DOCUMENT.
IF THIS COMMITTEE ELECTS TO SEEK
IMPEACHMENT ON THE PRESIDENTS
FILLER TO YIELD THE
CONGRESSIONAL DEMANDS IT WILL
HAVE TO DISTINGUISH A LONG LINE
OF CASES
WHERE PRIOR PRESIDENTS SOUGHT
THE VERY SAME REVIEW WHILE
WITHHOLDING WITNESSES AND
DOCUMENTS. TAKE THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION
ON THE INVESTIGATION OF FAST AND
FURIOUS. CONGRESS BEGAN AN
OVERSIGHT INVESTIGATION INTO
THAT SCANDAL. SOME MEMBERS CALL
FOR IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS.
PRESIDENT OBAMA INVOKED
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGES. THIS IS
NOT UNPRECEDENTED. PROFESSOR
TURLEY CONTINUES.
THE POSITION WAS REGARDED AS
EXTREME. SOME EVEN SAID EXTREME.
RESIDENT OBAMA HAD EVERY RIGHT
TO SEEK JUDICIAL REVIEW IN THE
MATTER. MANY MEMBERS OF THIS
COMMITTEE SUPPORTED THAT
POSITION. ON THIS OBSTRUCTION
THEORY
WOULD BE AN ABUSE OF POWER BY
CONGRESS. IT WOULD BE DANGEROUS
TO SET FOR FUTURE PRESIDENTS AND
CONGRESSES.
HERE IS THE DEAL. IMPEACHMENT
WAS NEVER INTENDED TO BE A
REMEDY FOR POLITICAL
DISAGREEMENTS. IT WASN'T
INTENDED TO BE A REMEDY FOR
LEGAL DISAGREEMENTS. BETWEEN THE
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH AND THE
EXECUTIVE BRANCH. THAT'S WHY
THERE IS A THIRD BRANCH OF
GOVERNMENT. THIS IS A VERY
DANGEROUS ROAD.
AS PROFESSOR TURLEY NOTED. I
HOPE AND PRAY THAT FUTURE
CONGRESSES CAN AND WILL EXERCISE
GREATER RESTRAINT. IN WHAT HAS
BEEN SHOW BY SHERMAN SHIFT
CHAIRMAN SCHIFF. THE CIVILITY OF
OUR REPUBLIC WILL DEPEND ON THAT
IN THE FUTURE.  I PRAY WE CAN
PUT THIS GENIE BACK IN THE
BOTTLE.
>> FOR WHAT PURPOSE THE
GENTLEMAN
FROM FLORIDA SEEKS RECOGNITION?
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> IT'S TRULY DISHEARTENING TO
HEAR MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER
SIDE ARGUE IN FAVOR OF CRIPPLING
THE VERY INSTITUTION THEY ARE A
PART OF. THE POWER OF
IMPEACHMENT HAS BILLED IN DUE
PROCESS FOR PROTECTIONS. WE ARE
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND DULY
ELECTED REPRESENTATIVES. WE ARE
EMPOWERED TO HOLD TO ACCOUNT
CORRUPT AND
CRIMINAL PRESIDENTS. WHEN THE
PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTS AND
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY HE IS
OBSTRUCTING THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE
A RIGHT TO KNOW OF THE PRESIDENT
IS RUNNING THEIR GOVERNMENT.
AFTER ALL THAT IS THE BASIS OF
OUR GOVERNMENT. BY THE PEOPLE
AND FOR THE PEOPLE. WE HAVE
REQUESTED HUNDREDS OF DOCUMENTS
AND HAVE BEEN PROVIDED BY
ABSOLUTELY
NOT ONE DOCUMENT. THE PRESIDENT
HAS INSTRUCTED THE SAFETY
DEPARTMENT TO NOT GIVE US THE
INFORMATION WE HAVE ASKED. SHE
HAS TOLD WITNESSES TO COME IN
FRONT OF CONGRESS TO TESTIFY. TO
NOT COME AND TESTIFY. TALK ABOUT
A DANGEROUS PRESIDENT. THE
PEOPLE DESERVE TO KNOW HOW HE IS
USING THE OFFICE OF THE
PRESIDENCY.
OF THE PEOPLE WHOM HE WAS
ELECTED TO SERVE. THE PRESIDENT
HAS ABUSED HIS OFFICE AND IS
USING THE POWER OF THE OFFICE TO
HIDE THE EXTENT OF THAT ABUSE
FROM THE PEOPLE. THAT IS ABUSE
OF POWER. THAT IS AN IMPEACHABLE
DEFENSE. I WANT TO END BY SAYING
IT IS ALSO APPALLING THAT
THROUGHOUT THIS PROCESS THE
PRESIDENT AND THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY HAVE CONTINUOUSLY ATTACKED
FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS.
THE MEN AND WOMEN OF THE
MILITARY. OUR INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY.
THOSE WHO PROTECT US EVERY DAY.
UNDERMINING OUR NATIONAL
SECURITY. THEY ARE PATRIOTS AND
THEY SHOULD BE TREATED AS SUCH.
AFTER ALL WE ARE ALL AMERICANS.
I YIELD BACK.
>> I RISE IN SUPPORT.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THIS IS SO SURREAL, AND IT
SEEMS WE HAVE COME TO A TIME
WHERE RIGHT IS WRONG AND WRONG
IS RIGHT AND BULLIES ARE THE
VICTIMS AND THE VICTIMS ARE
CALLED BULLIES. FOR THREE YEARS
THIS PRESIDENT HAS BEEN
HARASSED. HE HAS BEEN
ELECTRONICALLY SURVEILLED, SPIED
UPON US NORMAL PEOPLE WOULD CALL
IT. ALLEGATIONS HAVE NEVER
CEASED. THEY CONTINUE AND THEY
ARE CONTINUING TODAY. AT SOME
POINT YOU WOULD THINK THAT
SOMEONE WOULD LOOK AT THE ABUSES
BY CONGRESS
AND BY THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
AND FRIENDS OF OUR DEMOCRATS. BY
THE FBI FRIENDS OF OUR DEMOCRATS
WHO HATED THE PRESIDENT WHEN HE
WAS NOTHING BUT A CANDIDATE.
AT SOME POINT SOMEBODY WOULD SAY
THIS IS OUT-OF-CONTROL. WE NEED
TO STEP BACK AND SAY WAIT, THIS
TRAIN IS OFF THE TRACKS. IT IS
TIME TO GET REASONABLE. WHAT HAS
GONE ON THE LAST THREE YEARS IS
NOT REASONABLE. THERE IS A
DOCTRINE AND ATTORNEYS NO
YOU WERE GOING TO TRY TO PURSUE
SOME REMEDY YOU NEED TO HAVE
CLEAN HANDS. THE MAJORITY HAS
BEEN SO ABUSIVE, SURE THIS
ADMINISTRATION HAS PRODUCED
TONS OF WITNESSES AFTER
SUBPOENAS. SOME WITHOUT.
SOMETIMES IT WAS JUST
NEGOTIATED. NORMALLY WHAT
HAPPENS IS SUBPOENA IS RECEIVED
AND IT MEANS YOU ARE NOT GOING
TO BE ABLE TO USE AN AGENCY
ATTORNEY EVEN THOUGH AN AGENCY
ATTORNEY WILL NOT BE ALLOWED IN.
EVEN THOUGH THE ONLY WAY THAT
THE WITNESS CAN APPEAR AND HAVE
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE PROPERLY
CLAIMED IS TO HAVE AN AGENCY OR
DEPARTMENT ATTORNEY WITH THEM.
THAT'S WHEN THINGS GET
NEGOTIATED AND GET WORKED OUT.
SOME OF OUR FRIENDS NOW
THAT IF THEY ARE ABUSIVE ENOUGH
WITH SUBPOENAS AND WITH LAW FAIR
AND USING THE LAW AS A WEAPON
YOU CAN RUN PEOPLE OUT OF
OFFICE. THEY SUCCESSFULLY DID
THAT WITH SARAH PALIN, RYAN
ZINKE E, HE COULD NOT KEEP
HIRING INDIVIDUAL LAWYERS. THIS
IS THE KIND OF STUFF THAT HAS
BEEN GOING ON. THIS WILL END UP,
SINCE OUR FRIENDS ARE NOT BEING
REASONABLE.
WE ARE NOT WILLING TO NEGOTIATE
WITH THE ADMINISTRATION SO
AGENCY LAWYERS COULD CLAIM
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE. EVEN THOUGH
THE TARGET KEPT CHANGING. THEY
DID NOT KNOW WHAT THEY WOULD
COME AND TESTIFY ABOUT. THEY
WERE BEING ACCUSED OF ALL KINDS
OF DIFFERENT THINGS. IT HAS
CHANGED EVEN IN THE LAST 48
HOURS. HOW DO YOU DEFEND YOUR
SELF WHEN THE CHARGE KEEPS
CHANGING? THIS IS A STOLEN S
COURT SYSTEM. YOU DO NOT GET TO
MEET AND CROSS-EXAMINE YOUR
WITNESSES. IN FACT, WE WILL JUST
HAVE SOME LAW PROFESSOR THAT IS
PAID BY OUR FRIENDS. COME IN AND
EXPLAIN
WHAT THE WITNESSES PROBABLY SAID
OR DID SAY, OR WHAT IT IS.
THAT'S ALL YOU NEED TO HEAR.
YOU WILL VOTE ON GUILTY OR
INNOCENT OR IMPEACHMENT OR NOT.
WE DON'T NEED NO STINKING
WITNESSES. BRING US THE CHANCE
TO VOTE AND WE WILL VOTE. IT IS
AN OUTRAGE. THERE'S NOTHING
REASONABLE ABOUT WHAT HAS GONE
ON. ESPECIALLY, IT IS SO IRONIC.
THIS IS THE SAME WEEK AND THE
CORRUPTION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE HAS BEEN SHOWN
. THERE IS NO SORROW OR APOLOGY.
NO REMORSE WHATSOEVER BY THIS
INCREDIBLE ABUSIVE SYSTEM. THE
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS IS
BY PEOPLE IN CONGRESS. THE
MINISTRATION HAS NOT BEEN
UNREASONABLE. THEY HAVE SEEN
WHAT HAS HAPPENED. WHEN THIS
ABUSE OF THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
GETS PEOPLE IN A PERJURY TRAP.
THEY HAVE NOTHING TO GO ON. IF
WE CAN GET YOU IN A GATED
TESTIFY WE CAN PROSECUTE YOU IF
YOU MAKE A MISTAKE WHILE YOU ARE
TESTIFYING. IT WAS VERY
REASONABLE NOT TO COME ANSWER
THE SUBPOENAS WHEN YOU COULD NOT
HAVE AN AGENCY LAWYER. THERE ARE
NO NEGOTIATIONS WITH THE OTHER
SIDE.
>> GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>>
THROUGHOUT THE COURSE OF THIS
INVESTIGATION WE HAVE SEEN A
STARK CONTRAST BETWEEN THE
PATRIOTS WHO STOOD UP TO TELL
THE TRUTH AND THOSE WHO HAVE
TURNED A BLIND EYE TO THE TRUTH.
TONIGHT
, TO THOSE PATRIOTS I WANT TO
LIFT YOU UP. I WANT TO TELL YOU
THANK YOU. I AM IN AWE OF YOU. I
AM IN AWE OF YOUR COURAGE TO
UPHOLD YOUR OATH AT A GREAT
PERSONAL SACRIFICE. AND
PROFESSIONAL COST. PATRIOTS LIKE
LIEUTENANT COLONEL ALEXANDER
LINDEMANN. PURPLE HEART
RECIPIENT AND IRAQ WAR VETERAN.
AMBASSADOR WILLIAM TAYLOR.
VIETNAM WAR VETERAN. MARIA
YOVANOVITCH
FORMER AMBASSADOR TO THE
UKRAINE. WHO JOINED THE FOREIGN
SERVICE DURING THE REAGAN
ADMINISTRATION. DR. FIONA HILL.
DR. FORMER ASSISTANT TO THE
PRESIDENT AND SENIOR DIRECTOR OF
EUROPEAN RUSSIA ON THE NATIONAL
SECURITY COUNCIL. SO MANY
OTHERS. MORE THAN A DOZEN OTHER
WITNESSES. THIS ADMINISTRATION
CONFIRM THE DETAILS OF THE
WRONGDOING OF THE PRESIDENT.
THEY DESCRIBE THE PRESIDENT WHO
REFLEXES
REFLECTIVELY AND REPEATEDLY
ABUSED HIS POWER FOR PERSONAL
GAIN. JEOPARDIZING OUR SECURITY
AND OUR OWN DEMOCRACY. EACH
PATRIOT HAVE THE COURAGE TO LIVE
UP TO THEIR OATH. THEIR WORDS
MATTERED.
PATRIOTS, MY FAMILY KNOW
SOMETHING ABOUT THE SACRIFICE OF
SERVICE. TWO AND MY BROTHER
SERVED IN THE NAVY DURING THE
VIETNAM WAR. MY MOTHER
BROTHER BOB SERVING TWO TOURS.
I'M LUCKY TO HAVE SERVED WITH
THOSE WHO SERVED ON MY OWN
STAFF. ONE THE TENANT WAS
RECENTLY CALLED TO SERVICE TO
ACTIVE DUTY. AND STAFFERS TIM
KAINE AND DAVE CAR AGAIN. NOW AS
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS IT IS OUR
TURN TO STAND UP. DR. KING ONCE
SAID THE ULTIMATE MEASURE OF A
MAN IS NOT WHERE HE STANDS IN
MOMENTS OF COMFORT AND
CONVENIENCE. IT'S WHERE HE
STANDS AT TIMES OF CHALLENGE.
AND CONTROVERSY. THIS IS A TIME
OF GREAT CHALLENGE. SOME OF MY
COLLEAGUES DO NOT WANT TO FACE
THE REALITIES OF A PRESIDENTS
WRONGDOING. SO I ASKED MY
COLLEAGUES TONIGHT, WHAT ARE YOU
AFRAID OF?
THIS COUNTRY WAS BUILT BY THOSE
WHO ARE BRAVE ENOUGH TO STAND UP
AGAINST KING GEORGE. WE ARE
CALLED TO STAND UP AGAINST
DONALD JAY TRUMP. WHAT ARE YOU
AFRAID OF? LOOK TO OUR FRAMERS.
LOOK TO OUR PATRIOTS FOR
COURAGE.
THIS IS ABOUT COURAGE. THE
COURAGE TO HONOR OUR OATH. MY
OATH, YOUR OATH, MR. CHAIRMAN
I WILL WITH SOMBERNESS OF
PURPOSE YET WITH CONFIDENCE IN
OUR CONSTITUTION BE VOTING NO ON
THIS AMENDMENT AND VOTING YES ON
THESE ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT.
WITH THAT I YIELD BACK.
>> WHAT PURPOSES?
>> I SUPPORT
THE AMENDMENT.
I OFFER THIS TO YOU. CHARGING
THE PRESIDENT WITH OBSTRUCTION
OF CONGRESS IS UNPRECEDENTED. IN
ITSELF
IT THREATENS OUR SYSTEM OF
GOVERNMENT. THE PRINCIPLES OF
SEPARATION OF POWERS AND CHECKS
AND BALANCES TO MANNED A
PRESIDENT BE PERMITTED TO RESIST
A MAN THAT THE PRESIDENT FINDS
HARASSING OR OTHERWISE VIOLATIVE
OF HIS CONSTITUTIONAL
PRIVILEGES. IT IS AN ABSURDITY
TO CLAIM
THAT THE SOLE POWER OF
IMPEACHMENT IMPLIES DUTIES TO
THE PRESIDENT TO COOPERATE IN
ANY AND ALL CONGRESSIONAL
REQUESTS. NO MATTER THEIR MERIT.
DISPUTES BETWEEN THE BRANCHES
ARE ACTUALLY A FEATURE. THEY ARE
A FEATURE OF OUR SYSTEM.
THEY ARE NOT A BUG IN THE
SYSTEM. THE BRANCHES ARE
REQUIRED TO ENGAGE IN A PROCESS
OF ACCOMMODATION. TO REACH AN
AGREEMENT THAT TAKES INTO
ACCOUNT THE RELATIVE EQUITIES OF
BOTH SIDES. BOTH BRANCHES HAVE
RIGHTS AND INTEREST TO PROTECT.
IF THOSE DISPUTES CANNOT BE
RESOLVED THE COURTS ARE TO STEP
IN. ANYTHING LESS THREATENS THE
SEPARATION OF POWERS. IT'S THE
VERY FOUNDATION OF THIS
CONSTITUTION. THIS MAJORITY HAS
TAKEN THE POSITION, A DUBIOUS
POSITION, THAT DESPITE THEIR
VOTE OF A FULL HOUSE IS NOT
REQUIRED
TO OPEN AN IMPEACHMENT
PROCEEDING. THINK OF THE
IMPLICATION OF THAT. ANY ROAD
CHAIRMAN CAN COMMIT AN
IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDING AGAINST
THE PRESIDENT.
UNDER THE THEORY OF THESE
ARTICLES THE PRESIDENT HAS NO
CHOICE BUT TO COMPLY WITH A
SINGLE ROAD COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN.
HIS FAILURE TO DO SO WOULD BE
IMPEACHABLE. HOW DOES THAT WITH
THE SEPARATION OF POWERS? THOU
SHALL NOT BE ARTIFICIALLY ABLE
TO
CREATE IMPEACHABLE DEFENSE
THROUGH ITS OWN ACTIONS.
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S ACTIONS ARE
NOT UNPRECEDENTED. ANY
PRESIDENTS HAVE TO FIGHT
CONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENAS
INCLUDING PRESIDENT OBAMA ON
MANY OCCASIONS.
MAYBE PRESIDENTS HAVE OUTRIGHT
REFUSED TO COOPERATE WITH
CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATIONS AS
WELL. I WILL GIVE YOU THREE
HISTORICAL CASES THAT ARE NOT
ARTIFACTS. THEIR ACTUAL CASES.
FOR INSTANCE PRESIDENT JACKSON
SAID IN 1837, HE CALLED A HOUSE
SUBPOENA ILLEGAL AND
UNCONSTITUTIONAL. STATING HE
WOULD REPEL ALL SUCH ATTEMPTS AS
AN INVASION OF THE PRINCIPLE OF
JUSTICE. AS WELL AS OF THE
CONSTITUTION. HIS SACRED DUTY TO
THE PEOPLE THE UNITED STATES TO
RESIST THEM AS HE WOULD.
THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE SPANISH
ACQUISITION. THAT IS FROM ANDREW
JACKSON. LATER PRESIDENT
COOLIDGE SAID IN THE NEW YORK
TIMES ARTICLE FROM APRIL 24,
THAT HE SENT A MESSAGE TO THE
SENATE SAYING HE WOULD CEASE TO
PARTICIPATE IN THEIR UNWARRANTED
INTRUSION. AND QUESTIONING THE
LEGITIMACY OF THEIR
INVESTIGATION. IN 1948 PRESIDENT
TRUMAN AND EXECUTIVE PUBLISH
EXECUTIVE ORDER IN THE FEDERAL
REGISTER ORDERING EXECUTIVE
DEPARTMENTS TO RESPECTFULLY
DECLINE ANY SUBPOENA PERTAINING
TO CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATION
INTO EXECUTIVE BRANCH PERSONNEL.
WE HAVE THE RECENT OBAMA
EXAMPLE. IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM,
YOU DON'T NECESSARILY
, THE CHAIRMAN SAID HE DID NOT
EXERT PRIVILEGE. ACTUALLY HE
CLAIMED EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE IN A
VERY BROAD WAY.
TYPICALLY WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IS I
WOULD ISSUE A SUBPOENA AND HAVE
IT SERVED. THE PERSON DOES NOT
SHOW UP. GUESS WHAT WE DO? WE GO
INTO COURT. WE PROVE THE
PROVIDENCE OF OUR SUBPOENA. THE
COURT THEN ISSUES AN ADDITIONAL
ORDER. MAYBE IT IS A WARRANT FOR
ARREST. MAYBE IT'S A FINE.
WE UNVEIL OURSELVES THROUGH THE
PROCESS. YOU HAVEN'T DONE THAT.
MR. SCHIFF SAID SO JUST LAST
WEEK. BECAUSE HE DID NOT WANT TO
TAKE THE TIME TO UNVEIL HIMSELF
OF THE PROCESS THAT YOU CLAIM
YOU ARE DEFENDING. THAT IS
PRECISELY WHY PROFESSOR TURLEY
AND ALL WHO LOOK AT THIS WITH
THE OBJECTIVE I SAY YOU ARE THE
ONES ABUSING THE PROCESS. YOU
ARE ABUSING CONGRESS
AND ABUSING THE PRESIDENT AND
THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH. I'M AFRAID
WHAT HAPPENS IS WE ACTUALLY
INTEGRATE OUR BODY AND WE
INTEGRATE THE VERY PROCESS THAT
WE CLAIM TO BE PROTECTING TODAY.
WITH THAT I YIELD BACK.
>> MISS ESCOBAR'S RECOGNITION.
>> WE HAVE HEARD OUR COLLEAGUES
ARGUE THAT OBSTRUCTION OF
CONGRESS HAS NOT HAPPENED.
ONE OF OUR COLLEAGUES CALLED THE
CHARGE RIDICULOUS. ANOTHER
COLLEAGUE SAID THE PRESIDENT HAS
CONSISTENTLY COOPERATED WITH
DEMOCRATS. A STUNNING STATEMENT.
I HAVE HAD THE INCREDIBLE
PRIVILEGE OF SERVING ON THE
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE FOR
ALMOST A YEAR. FRESHMAN WERE
SWORN IN JANUARY 3. WE HAVE HAD
MANY HEARINGS. THERE IS A THREAD
THAT RUNS THROUGH ALL OF THOSE
HEARINGS. ESPECIALLY THOSE
HEARINGS WHERE WE ARE TRYING TO
PROVIDE PROPER OVERSIGHT OVER
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES. THAT THREAD IS THAT
MY COLLEAGUES COMPLAINED
BITTERLY. ABOUT OUR EFFORTS
TO BE IN CHECK. OUR EFFORTS TO
PERFORM OUR OBLIGATION TO THE
CONSTITUTION. AND OUR EFFORTS TO
PROVIDE OVERSIGHT. WE HEAR IT
TIME AND TIME AGAIN. THIS IDEA
THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS
COOPERATED, THAT IS THE CLAIM
THAT IS ACTUALLY ABSURD. DURING
SOME OF OUR OVERSIGHT HEARINGS
WE HEARD THE PRESIDENT SAY HE
WAS COVERED UNDER ABSOLUTE
IMMUNITY. WITHOUT LISTING
THE DOCUMENTS OR THE REASONS WHY
HE DESERVED ABSOLUTE IMMUNITY.
NO PRESIDENT, NOT EVEN RICHARD
NIXON, NO PRESIDENT HAS REFUSED
TO HONOR SUBPOENAS DURING
IMPEACHMENT. IF YOU CAN IMAGINE
, THIS PRESIDENT HAS ACHIEVED A
NEW LOW. AND LOWER THE BAR
SIGNIFICANTLY. IF IT WERE NOT
FOR THE PATRIOTS, AND I
ASSOCIATE MYSELF
WITH THE STATEMENT BY
REPRESENTATIVE DEAN. WHO THANKED
THEM, THEY ARE HEROES. THEY PUT
THEIR REPUTATION, THEIR NAMES
AND THEIR SAFETY AND THEIR
SECURITY AT RISK. SO THEY COULD
DEFEND THIS COUNTRY AND DEFEND
THE CONSTITUTION AND UPHOLD THE
OATH OF OFFICE. THE OATH THAT
THEY TOOK AS PUBLIC SERVICE.
LET'S FIND OUT JUST HOW
COOPERATIVE THIS PRESIDENT HAS
BEEN DURING THIS INVESTIGATION.
I WOULD LIKE TO ASK
REPRESENTATIVE'S WALL WELL AND
MY COLLEAGUE WHO SERVES ON
INTELLIGENCE. HOW MANY DOCUMENTS
DID YOU ALL REQUEST DURING THIS
INVESTIGATION?
>> 71.
>> ON PAGES 30 AND 31 IT WAS 71
DOCUMENTS.
>> HOW MANY WITNESSES?
>> 12 WITNESSES WE ASKED TO SHOW
UP.
>>
SO THE AMERICAN PUBLIC
UNDERSTANDS YOU REQUESTED 72
DOCUMENTS AND 12 WITNESSES. HOW
MANY DOCUMENTS AND HOW MANY
WITNESSES DID THE PRESIDENT
PROVIDE?
>> 12 WERE ASKED. ZERO OF THE 71
DOCUMENTS WERE PROVIDED.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH. I WANT TO
ASK THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WHAT IS
THE PRESIDENT TRYING TO HIDE
FROM YOU? WHY IS HE TRYING TO
KEEP YOU IN THE DARK? IF HE HAS
NOTHING TO HIDE, THEN LET HIM
COME FORWARD WITH THOSE
DOCUMENTS AND THOSE WITNESSES.
I WANT TO CONCLUDE BY JUST
TOUCHING A LITTLE BIT ON
SOMETHING I MENTIONED LAST
NIGHT. UNFORTUNATELY WE HAVE
COME TO EXPECT THIS KIND OF
BEHAVIOR FROM THE PRESIDENT.
THIS REALLY IS A VERY TRAGIC
MOMENT IN AMERICAN HISTORY. A
DARK MOMENT IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
IT'S MADE EVEN MORE TRAGIC BY
ENABLERS. WHO SEEK TO MAKE SURE
THEY PROTECT ONE MAN AT ANY
COST. ONE MAN WHO IS NOT FOR
AMERICA. ONE MAN WHO IS FOR
HIMSELF. THIS IS A RECKONING FOR
US. THIS IS A MOMENT WHEN WE
SHOULD BE STANDING WITH THE
PATRIOTS. I AM VERY PROUD
AS DARK AS THIS MOMENT IS. I AM
PROUD TO STAND WITH THE PATRIOTS
HERE ON THIS COMMITTEE. I WILL
CONTINUE TO STAND WITH THE
PATRIOTS WHO DEFEND THIS
COUNTRY. MR. CHAIRMAN I YIELD
BACK.
>> FOR WHAT PURPOSES
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> WE HAVE TALKED TODAY ABOUT
THE LACK OF EVIDENCE AND SUPPORT
OF THE FIRST ARTICLE OF
IMPEACHMENT. THE ABUSE OF POWER
ARTICLE.
THEY CAN'T PROVE BRIBERY OR
EXTORTION.
IF THEY DON'T HAVE THE ELEMENTS
TO PROVE ANY CRIME THEY CREATED
ONE. THEY SAID THERE WAS NO
HIGHER CRIME.
THERE ARE HIGHER CRIMES. THERE
ARE ACTUAL CRIMES. SINCE THE
PRESIDENT DID NOT COMMIT ONE
HERE WE ARE. LAUGHABLE IF IT
WEREN'T SO SAD. THE SAME FOR
FACTS THAT HAVE BEEN REPEATED
THROUGHOUT.
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY SAID THERE WAS NO
PRESSURE ON THE CALL. THERE WAS
NO CONDITIONALITY OF AID. THE
UKRAINIANS WERE NOT AWARE THAT
THE AIDE WAS WITHHELD WHEN THE
PRESIDENT SPOKE. AND WE HAVE THE
TIME MAGAZINE ARTICLE INVOLVING
-- WHICH HASN'T BEEN PURSUED BY
THE COMMITTEE. UKRAINE DID NOT
OPEN AN INVESTIGATION BUT STILL
RECEIVE THE AID. MY COLLEAGUE
SAID EARLIER WE CAN'T PROVE ANY
OF IT. WE WILL ACCUSE HIM OF ALL
OF IT AND CALL HIM AND ABUSE OF
POWER. WE HAVE AN ARTICLE
CHARGING OBSTRUCTION OF
CONGRESS.
THE DEMOCRATS HAVE ALLEGED THE
PRESIDENT DIRECTED THE
UNPRECEDENTED CATEGORICAL AND
INDISCRIMINATE DEFIANCE OF
SUBPOENAS ISSUED BY THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES. THE FACTS DON'T
MATCH UP WITH THESE CLAIMS. THE
PRESIDENT HAS LEGITIMATE
CONSTITUTIONAL PRIVILEGES. THE
COURT SHOULD DETERMINE THE
BOUNDARIES OF THESE PRIVILEGES.
WHITE HOUSE RELEASED TO CALL
TRANSCRIPTS FOR THE PUBLIC FOR
REVIEW DURING THIS PROCESS. THE
PRESIDENT TOLD HIM GO TELL THE
TRUTH.
IN ADDITION THE CLAIMS OF
INSTRUCTION IGNORE THE
APPROPRIATE ROLE OF THE THIRD
BRANCH OF GOVERNMENT. TO REVIEW
CONFLICTS BETWEEN THE EXECUTIVE
AND CONGRESS. THE MAJORITY,
FAILING TO YIELD THEIR DEMANDS.
FAILS TO DISTINGUISH INSTANCES
WHERE PRIOR PRESIDENTS SOUGHT
THE VERY SAME REVIEW. WHILE
WITHHOLDING TESTIMONY AND
DOCUMENTS.
TO IGNORE INSTANCES WHERE THE
TWO BRANCHES NEGOTIATED IN GOOD
FAITH. OVER THERE RETURN OF
DOCUMENTS. AFTER THE FAILURE OF
THE MAJORITY TO NEGOTIATE IN
GOOD FAITH OVER THE RULES FOR
THIS VERY IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDING
WHY WOULD WE THINK THAT THERE
WOULD BE AN EFFORT BY THE
PRESIDENT TO ACKNOWLEDGE AND
WORK IN GOOD FAITH TO RESOLVE
THE DISPUTE. BETTER AND THEIR
MINDS TO WAIT FOR THE RECOURSE.
THEY ARE RIGHT.
PRESIDENT OBAMA DURING THE FAST
AND FURIOUS INVESTIGATION
INVOKED EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE AND
BARRED
DOCUMENTS AND TESTIMONY. THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION ARGUED THE
COURTS HAD NO AUTHORITY OVER ITS
DENIAL OF SUCH WITNESSES. BUT
THE FEDERAL COURT AND COMMITTEE
ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT
REFORM DISAGREED.
PROFESSOR TURLEY AND HIS
TESTIMONY TO THIS COMMITTEE
TESTIFIED HE THINKS THE
DEMOCRATS IMPEACHMENT PROCESS IS
AN ABUSE OF POWER. HE SAID
QUOTE, WHAT I AM SAYING IS IF
YOU WANT A WELL BASED LEGITIMATE
IMPEACHMENT CASE TO
SET THE ABBREVIATED SCHEDULE AND
DEMAND DOCUMENTS AND IMPEACH
BECAUSE THEY HAVEN'T BEEN TURNED
OVER WHEN THEY GO TO A COURT,
WHEN THE PRESIDENT GOES TO A
COURT I THINK THAT. IS AN ABUSE
OF POWER. IF YOU MAKE A HIGH
CRIME MISDEMEANOR OUT OF GOING
TO THE COURTS IT IS AN ABUSE OF
POWER. IT IS YOUR ABUSE OF
POWER. I URGE MY COLLEAGUES TO
SUPPORT THIS AMENDMENT.
>> THANK YOU MR. CHAIRMAN. MY
REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES HAVE BEEN
PUTTING FORWARD A LOT OF EXCUSES
TODAY. I WANT TO GO THROUGH THE
ONES THAT WE HAVE HEARD THE
MOST. FIRST, THEY HAVE SAID
THE PRESIDENT'S BEHAVIOR WAS ALL
ABOUT HIS SUPPOSEDLY LEGITIMATE
CONCERN ABOUT CORRUPTION. WHAT
WE KNOW IS THAT ALL OF PRESIDENT
TRUMP'S AGENCIES, ALL OF HIS
ADVISORS AND EVERYONE
UNANIMOUSLY TOLD HIM
THAT UKRAINE HAVE PASSED ALL THE
ANTICORRUPTION BENCHMARKS. WHAT
WE KNOW IS THE DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE SAID NO FURTHER REVIEW
ON THE CLAIM CORRUPTION WAS
NECESSARY. WHAT WE KNOW IS THE
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S BUDGET CUTS
AID FOR THE UKRAINE DESIGNED TO
FIGHT THE UKRAINE CORRUPTION.
AND WHAT WE KNOW IS THAT
PRESIDENT TRUMP WITH BOTH CALLS
OF PRESIDENT ZELENSKY WAS GIVEN
OFFICIAL TALKING POINTS.
OFFICIAL TALKING POINTS ON
CORRUPTION IN THE UKRAINE.
AND YES HE NEVER USE THOSE
TALKING POINTS. HE NEVER
MENTIONED THE WORD CORRUPTION ON
EITHER CALL. THE ONLY TWO NAMES
THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP MENTIONED
WERE JOE AND HUNTER BIDEN. ON
JULY 25.
THE SECOND EXCUSE THE
REPUBLICANS PUT FORWARD. THEY
SUGGEST THIS WAS ALL ABOUT THE
PRESIDENT'S DESIRE TO GET THE
EUROPEAN UNION TO SHARE MORE OF
THE BURDEN OF FOREIGN
ASSISTANCE. LET'S LOOK AT THAT.
MR. HOLMES TOLD US THAT EUROPE
PROVIDES FOUR TIMES AS MUCH
ASSISTANCE AND MORE AID TO THE
UKRAINE THAN WE DO. ACTUALLY THE
UNITED STATES A LARGELY GETS
PAID BACK. ON TOP OF THAT
AMBASSADOR SONLAND AND PRESIDENT
TRUMP'S AMBASSADOR TO THE
EUROPEAN UNION TESTIFIED CLEARLY
THAT NOBODY EVER TOLD HIM TO GO
TO THE EUROPEAN UNION. AND
ACTUALLY ASK FOR MORE MILITARY
AID
TO BE PROVIDED. THAT SIMPLY
WASN'T THE CASE. THE ONLY THING
THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP TOLD
AMBASSADOR SONLAND TO
COMMUNICATE TO THE UKRAINE, WHAT
WAS THAT. HE TOLD US THE
RESUMPTION OF AID WOULD LIKELY
NOT OCCUR UNLESS PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY ANNOUNCED THE
INVESTIGATION. AMBASSADOR
SONLAND MAKE CLEAR ON LEST  AS
THEY WERE ANNOUNCED THERE WOULD
BE A STALEMATE OVER THE AID.
WHAT WERE THESE INVESTIGATIONS?
2016 ELECTION INTERFERENCE. AND
BURISMA. MEANING
THE BIDENS. FINALLY LEFT WITH NO
OTHER DEFENSES. MY REPUBLICAN
COLLEAGUES SAY PRESIDENT TRUMP
HAD A LEGITIMATE REASON TO
INVESTIGATE VICE PRESIDENT
BIDEN. ONCE AGAIN LET'S LOOK AT
THE FACTS. THAT MAKES NO SENSE
WHATSOEVER. THE MINORITIES OWN
REPORT STATES THAT THE
ALLEGATIONS AGAINST THE BIDENS
WERE FROM 2015.
PRESIDENT TRUMP READILY GAVE
MILITARY AID TO THE UKRAINE IN
2017 AND THEN AGAIN IN 2018.
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S OWN AIDE TOLD
HIM THAT THERE WAS NO MERIT TO
THESE INVESTIGATIONS. WHAT
CHANGED? WHAT LED TO THE SUDDEN
PUSH TO HOLD UP CONGRESSIONALLY
APPROVED DESPERATELY NEEDED
MILITARY AID WITHOUT TELLING
ANYBODY THE REASON?
VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN BEGAN
BEATING PRESIDENT TRUMP IN THE
POLLS. THE EVIDENCE IS CLEAR.
WHEN PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID DO US
A FAVOR, WHO WAS THE US? WE KNOW
WHO THE US WAS. HE SAID IT.
PRESIDENT TRUMP TOLD PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY  THAT HIS PERSONAL
ATTORNEY, HIS PERSONAL LAWYER,
RUDY GIULIANI
, QUOTE VERY MUCH KNOWS WHAT IS
GOING ON. PRESIDENT TRUMP
COULD'VE GONE THROUGH OFFICIAL
CHANNELS IF HE WANTED. HE
COULD'VE ASKED FOR THE ATTORNEY
GENERAL TO CONDUCT AN
INVESTIGATION. HE COULD'VE
CONDUCTED ALL SORTS OF
LEGITIMATE INVESTIGATIONS BUT HE
DIDN'T. WE KNOW THAT BECAUSE THE
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE SAID THAT
PRESIDENT TRUMP NEVER ASKED THEM
TO DO ANY INVESTIGATIONS EVEN
TALK TO THE UKRAINE. INSTEAD
PRESIDENT TRUMP ASKED HIS
PERSONAL ATTORNEY BECAUSE US WAS
NOT ABOUT AMERICANA. THE
PRESIDENT WAS NOT PUTTING
AMERICA FIRST. THIS WASN'T
OFFICIAL POLICY. THIS WASN'T
WHAT WAS RIGHT FOR OUR COUNTRY.
EVERY WITNESS TOLD US THAT TOO.
THIS WAS PERSONAL. IT WAS OFFER
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
PERSONAL AND POLITICAL GAIN. TO
BENEFIT HIS OWN CAMPAIGN AND HIS
REELECTION. THAT'S WHY HE USED
HIS PERSONAL ATTORNEY TO DO
THAT. HE ABUSED HIS POWER AND
THE BOWER ENTRUSTED TO HIM BY WE
THE PEOPLE. HE PLACED OUR
SAFETY, MILLIONS OF DOLLARS OF
TAXPAYER MONEY ON THE TABLE.
THAT IS AN ABUSE OF POWER. WE
MUST IMPEACH DONALD JAY TRUMP. I
YIELD BACK.
>>
WE MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> I WOULD LIKE TO TALK ABOUT
SUBPOENAS FOR A LITTLE BIT.
ADAMIC CRADDICK
-- IT STARTED IN THIS COMMITTEE
WITH THE SUBPOENA TO THE
ATTORNEY GENERAL BILL BARR. THE
COMPLIANCE WHATEVER REQUIRED HIM
TO VIOLATE THE LAW. LIKE A
REASONABLE AND RATIONAL WILL
DELIVER TO BODY. WHAT DO WE DO?
WE HELD THEM IN CONTEMPT.
WE HELD THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF
THE UNITED STATES IN CONTEMPT OF
CONGRESS FOR NOT VIOLATING THE
LAW. IT GETS BETTER. AFTER THAT
WE HELD A HEARING ABOUT WHETHER
OR NOT WE SHOULD HAVE HELD HIM
IN CONTEMPT. OVERSIGHT DEMOCRATS
SUBPOENAED DOCUMENTS FROM
COMMERCE AND LEGAL DOCUMENTS
RELATING DIRECTLY TO A CASE THAT
WAS PENDING IN FRONT OF THE
SUPREME COURT. AS I STATED
EARLIER THE SAME DEMOCRATS
SUBPOENAED THE PERSONAL EMAILS
OF PRESIDENT TRUMP'S CHILDREN.
DEMOCRATS HAVE SUBPOENAED
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
TAX RETURNS FOR PURELY POLITICAL
PURPOSES. SPEAKING OF POLITICS,
ADAM SCHIFF IS THE SUBPOENA
POWER OF THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE TO OBTAIN PHONE
RECORDS. HE RELEASED THE PHONE
RECORDS OF A MEMBER OF THE PRESS
AND THE RANKING MEMBER IN HIS
POLITICAL OPPONENT.
YOU CANNOT WEAPONIZE THE
SUBPOENA POWER OF CONGRESS IN
ORDER TO ARREST THE EXECUTIVE
BRANCH AND NOT EXPECT THE
EXECUTIVE BRANCH TO USE EVERY
LEGAL REMEDY AT THEIR DISPOSAL
TO OPPOSE THE SUBPOENAS. YOU CAN
CONTINUE WITH AN IMPEACHMENT
PROCEEDING. IT'S A POLITICAL
PROCEEDING. WHAT YOU CANNOT DO
IS CHARGE OBSTRUCTION BECAUSE
YOU WILL CONTINUE FASTER THAN
ALLOWING THE COURTS TO DECIDE
IT. BEFORE I FINISH I WOULD LIKE
TO POINT OUT A COUPLE OF THINGS.
WE HAVEN'T SUBPOENAED AMBASSADOR
BOLTON. HE BEGGED ONE TO HAVE
ONE ISSUED TO HIM. WE HAVEN'T
SUBPOENAED THE WHISTLEBLOWER OR
ADAM SCHIFF.
WE HAVEN'T SUBPOENAED ALL THE
PEOPLE THAT THE WHISTLEBLOWER
MENTIONED TO TALK TO IN
RELATION. IF WE WANT TO TALK
ABOUT ABUSE AND OBSTRUCTION AND
WHY THESE THINGS ARE GOING ON I
THINK IS ANOTHER COMMENT
, WE HAVE MET THE ENEMY AND HE
IS US. WITH THAT I YIELD BACK.
>>
THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED. MR.
CHAIRMAN THERE ARE TWO ARTICLES
OF IMPEACHMENT. EACH IS VITALLY
IMPORTANT.
ARTICLE 1 BEST IN THE HOUSE,
SOLE POWER OF IMPEACHMENT. THAT
SET FORTH IN THE CONSTITUTION.
WHAT HAS THE PRESIDENT DONE?
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THE FIRST AND
ONLY PRESIDENT IN AMERICAN
HISTORY TO OPENLY AND
INDISCRIMINATELY DEFY ALL
ASPECTS OF THE CONSTITUTIONAL
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS.
OCTOBER 26 THE PRESIDENT ARGUED
THAT CONGRESS SHOULD NOT EVEN BE
ALLOWED TO IMPEACH HIM UNDER THE
CONSTITUTION. ON OCTOBER 8 THE
WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL ACTING ON
BEHALF OF THE PRESIDENT WROTE A
LETTER TO THE HOUSE AND SAID
THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP CANNOT
PERMIT HIS ADMINISTRATION TO
PARTICIPATE. THIS IS NOT A
FISHING EXPEDITION.
THIS IS A MATTER OF GRAVE
IMPORTANCE. WE HAVE TALKED ABOUT
IT AT LENGTH. THE ABUSE OF POWER
THE PRESIDENT HAS EXHIBITED.
WHAT IS THE PRESIDENT REFUSED TO
PRODUCE WHAT WE HAVE HEARD ABOUT
THE DOZENS OF OFFICIALS THAT HE
HAS BLOCKED. WHAT ABOUT ALL THE
DOCUMENTS THAT WE HAVE ASKED
FOR? WHAT ABOUT THE WITNESSES
THAT DID COME FORWARD. WHO TOLD
US ABOUT THE BRIEF MATERIALS
FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP'S CALL. AND
THE NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL
STAFF AND THE CONCLUSIONS
FOR MEETINGS RELATED TO THE
UKRAINE. INCLUDING MILITARY
ASSISTANCE. WHAT ABOUT THE
MEMORANDUM OF CONVERSATION FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S MEETING IN NEW
YORK WITH PRESIDENT TRENT ONE
ZELENSKY.  WHAT ABOUT THE
ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS FROM THE
VICE PRESIDENT. THE NOTES TAKEN
FROM JENNIFER WILLIAMS. THE
BRIEFING MATERIALS PREPARED FOR
THE VICE PRESIDENTS MEETING.
ON NOVEMBER 24 THE NEWS REPORT
REVEALED THE WHITE HOUSE
CONDUCTED A RECORDS REVIEW AND
TURNED UP HUNDREDS OF DOCUMENTS
THAT REVEAL EXTENSIVE EFFORTS TO
GENERATE AFTER-THE-FACT OF THE
JUSTIFICATION FOR THE DECISION.
THAT'S WHAT WE ARE TALKING
ABOUT. OBSTRUCTION MATTERS
BECAUSE WE KNOW WHAT WE ARE
LOOKING FOR. WE KNOW HOW
IMPORTANT IT IS. THE PRESIDENT
HAS STOOD IN THE WAY OF THIS
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. DOING
IT'S IMPORTANT WORK. THE
PRESIDENT SHOULD HAVE ALLOWED
THESE OFFICIALS TO SPEAK.
SHOULD'VE ALLOWED THESE
DOCUMENTS TO SPEAK. MY
COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER SIDE
UNDERSTAND THIS IS NOT A FISHING
EXPEDITION.
THEY KNOW THESE DOCUMENTS ARE
THEIR. IF THEY WERE TO HELP THE
PRESIDENT THEY WOULD BE URGING
THE PRESIDENT TO WORK WITH US.
RATHER THAN OBSTRUCT US. WE HAVE
TO PROCEED. I OPPOSE THIS
AMENDMENT. I YIELD THE BALANCE
OF MY TIME TO MR. JOHNSON.
>> TONIGHT WE ARE CALLED UPON TO
PROTECT THE NATION'S CORE
VALUES. MONEY AND THE ECONOMY
ARE NOT OUR CORE VALUES.
WITHHOLDING DESPERATELY NEEDED
SECURITY ASSISTANCE FROM AIDE
ALLY. DESPERATELY IN NEED. THAT
IS NOT A CORE VALUE. CO-WORST
THAN A FOREIGN POWER
TO INTERFERE IN A PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION IS NOT OUR CORE VALUE.
GIVING CONGRESS THE FIGURE.
RESPECT FOR THE CONSTITUTION AND
TO TAKE CARE OF YOUR DUTIES ARE
FAITHFULLY EXECUTED.
A FAITHFUL EXECUTION OF THE
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT
. OUR CORE VALUES TO THE BEST OF
YOUR ABILITY.
PRESERVING AND PROTECTING AND
DEFENDING OUR CONSTITUTION. THAT
IS THE
NATION'S CORE VALUES. WHEN A
PRESIDENT COMMITS A GRAVE ABUSE
OF THE PUBLIC TRUST BY RUNNING A
ROUGHSHOD OVER THE HIGH OFFICE
OF THE PRESIDENT AND CONGRESS IS
LEFT WITH NO CHOICE THAN TO DO
ITS DUTY TO PROTECT THE PUBLIC
AND THE REPUBLIC FROM CLEAR AND
PRESENT DANGER. WE MUST IMPEACH
THIS PRESIDENT. WITH THAT I
YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELD BACK.
>> WE MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> DONALD TRUMP PRESSURE OF A
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT TO TARGET AN
AMERICAN CITIZEN FOR POLITICAL
GAIN. AT THE SAME TIME WITH HELP
$391 MILLION IN MILITARY AID TO
VACATION AS PART OF A SCHEME TO
SOLICIT FOREIGN INTERFERENCE IN
THE 2020 ELECTION. THE JULY 25
ROUGH TRANSCRIPT IS A SMOKING
GUN. AND DONALD TRUMP'S WORDS
PULLED THE TRIGGER. DO US A
FAVOR
. THE CENTRAL QUESTION FOR US TO
RESOLVE ON THIS COMMITTEE IS
WHETHER THE PRESIDENT SOUGHT A
POLITICAL FAVOR
, OR IS HE AS MY REPUBLICAN
COLLEAGUES SUGGEST AN ANTI-
CORRUPTION CRUSADER? THAT NOTION
IS LAUGHABLE. LET'S JUST CHECK
THE RECORD. TO SEE WHAT IT SAYS.
DONALD TRUMP SPOKE TO THE
UKRAINIAN
PRESIDENT TWICE. ONCE ON APRIL
21. HE DID NOT USE THE WORD
CORRUPTION ONCE. HE HAD A SECOND
CALL
WITH THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UKRAINE. ON JULY 25. HE DID NOT
USE THE WORD CORRUPTION ONCE.
DONALD TRUMP'S OWN DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE WROTE A LETTER TO THE
CONGRESS ON MAY 23. AND SAID
THAT THE NEW UKRAINIAN
GOVERNMENT, THE NEW UKRAINIAN
GOVERNMENT HAVE SATISFIED ALL
NECESSARY PRECONDITIONS
TO RECEIVE THE AID. INCLUDING
THE IMPLEMENTATION OF
ANTICORRUPTION PROTOCOL. THAT
WAS DONALD TRUMP'S DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE. SAYING THERE ARE NO
CORRUPTION CONCERNS THAT SHOULD
JUSTIFY THE WITHHOLDING OF THE
AID. THAT'S WHY SO MANY TRUMP
APPOINTED WITNESSES
CAME FORWARD AND WERE TROUBLED.
I JUST WANT TO ENTER INTO THE
RECORD. LIEUTENANT COLONEL
ALEXANDER GOODMAN WHO WAS ON THE
CALL REPORTED HIS CONCERN
BECAUSE QUOTE, THEY HAS
SIGNIFICANT NATIONAL SECURITY
IMPLICATIONS FOR THE COUNTRY.
THE LIEUTENANT COLONEL SAID IT
IS IMPROPER FOR THE PRESIDENT OF
THE UNITED STATES TO DEMAND A
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATION
INTO A U.S. CITIZEN FOR A
POLITICAL OPPONENT. THAT WAS
LIEUTENANT COLONEL DENMAN. IRAQ
WAR VETERAN. PURPLE HEART
RECIPIENT. 20 YEARS OF ACTIVE
DUTY.
GORDON SONDLAND, AMBASSADOR,
APPOINTED BY DONALD TRUMP. WHAT
DID HE SAY? EVERYBODY WAS IN THE
LOOP. IT WAS NO SECRET. WAS
THERE A QUID PRO QUO? THE ANSWER
IS YES. IS SONLAND A NEVER
TRUMPER?
IT WAS APPOINTED BY DONALD
TRUMP. HE GAVE $1 MILLION TO
TRUMPS INAUGURATION. OF COURSE
THERE IS BILL TAYLOR. WEST POINT
GRADUATE. WHAT DID HE SAY? TO
WITHHOLD THE ASSISTANT
FOR NO GOOD REASON OTHER THAN
HELP WITH THE POLITICAL CAMPAIGN
MADE NO SENSE.
IT WAS ILLOGICAL. IT CANNOT BE
EXPLAINED. IT WAS CRAZY. THAT
WAS THE RECORD EVIDENCE THAT HAS
BEEN ESTABLISHED. DONALD TRUMP
DID NOT CARE ABOUT
ALLEGED CORRUPTION IN THE
UKRAINE. HE SOUGHT A POLITICAL
FAVOR. AT THE SAME TIME,
DONALD TRUMP WAS ALLEGEDLY
CONCERNED WITH CORRUPTION IN THE
UKRAINE. HE AUTHORIZED $8
BILLION IN WEAPONS SALES TO THE
CORRUPT KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA.
ANOTHER GULF STATE. $8 BILLION.
IN APRIL HE AUTHORIZED.
HE WAS SUPPOSEDLY CONCERNED
ABOUT CORRUPTION. THIS IS A
REGIME THAT BUTCHERED A
WASHINGTON POST JOURNALIST WITH
A BONE SAW AND THEN LIED ABOUT
IT.
AT THE SAME TIME HE WAS
WITHHOLDING MONEY FROM THE
UKRAINE. HE AUTHORIZED A BILLION
DOLLARS IN WEAPONS SALES OVER
THE OBJECTION OF CONGRESS.
THE PRESIDENT PRESSURED A
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT TO TARGET AN
AMERICAN CITIZEN FOR POLITICAL
GAIN.
HE SOLICITED FOREIGN
INTERFERENCE IN THE 2020
ELECTION. THE RECORD IS CLEAR.
HE ABUSED HIS POWER. HE MUST BE
HELD ACCOUNTABLE. IN AMERICA NO
ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW. I YIELD
BACK.
>>
I HAVE LISTENED TO THIS. THIS
IDEA OF THE PROCESS. THE IDEA
, I SUPPORT THIS. FRANKLY WE ARE
IN A POSITION THAT WE DON'T NEED
TO BE. HAS BEEN INTERESTING TO
LISTEN ALL DAY TODAY. TO THE
TRYING TO BUILD A CASE OUT OF
NOTHING. THE MAJORITY HAS
DISPARAGED BEYOND BELIEF. I AM
NOT SURE WHY, I AM NOT SURE WHY
THEY CHOOSE TO CONTINUE TO PUT
OUT THE ARTICLES
. THEY DIE BECAUSE OF AID THAT
WAS WITHHELD
KEEP SENDING IT OUT THERE. THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE WATCHING. IT
IS AMAZING TO ME TO LISTEN TO MY
COLLEAGUES TALK ABOUT HOW WE DID
PROPER PROCESS. LET ME TAKE YOU
ON A WONDERLAND TRIP BACK
THROUGH THIS COMMITTEE THIS
YEAR. WE DID MORE THINGS THAT
WERE AMAZINGLY OUTRAGEOUS THAN I
COULD EVER IMAGINE.
WE LEARNED SOME STUFF THIS YEAR.
NO OFFENSE TO MY CHAIRMAN. HE'S
BEEN DOING THE BEST HE COULD. TO
SATISFY THE DEMANDS OF BEING THE
CHAIRMAN. WE HAVE LEARNED THIS
YEAR SUBPOENAS, THEY HELPED YOU
LOOK BETTER IN COURT. WE LEARNED
THAT SUBPOENAS ARE A
CONVERSATION STARTER. I AM NOT
SURE WHAT THAT IS ABOUT. I KNOW
IN COURT THEIR COMPELLING
INFORMATION.
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THIS AND YOU
START TALKING ABOUT DEMOCRATS
HAVE BEEN DENIED PROCESS AND
DENIED THIS IT'S INTERESTING TO
ME. 70 SOMETHING DAYS, THE OTHER
DAY
I THINK THIS YOUNG LADY IN
CALIFORNIA SAID THEY TRIED TO
MAKE A COMPARISON.
THAT WAS AFTER THREE AND HALF
YEARS OF INVESTIGATION. IN THIS
ONE WE HAVE HAD SINCE SEPTEMBER
UNTIL NOW.
THE MAJORITY IS ACTING LIKE
PETULANT CHILDREN. THEY'RE NOT
GETTING THEIR WAY QUICK ENOUGH
BECAUSE SANTA CLAUS HASN'T COME
YET. THERE GETTING READY TO VOTE
FOR THEIR CHRISTMAS PRESENT. THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE NEXT NOVEMBER
WILL REMEMBER THIS CHRISTMAS
PRESENT. IT GOES BACK FURTHER. I
REMEMBER A TIME WHEN WE WANT TO
TALK ABOUT THE SANCTITY OF
SUBPOENAS WHY DID THE MAJORITY
WITHDRAW FROM THE CONFERENCE?
THEY COULD'VE HAD THE CHARADE
AND STILL STAYED IN COURT. IT'S
A WASTE OF TIME. DON'T HAND ME
THESE HIGH AND MIGHTY ARGUMENTS
ABOUT PROCESS. THIS IS NOT ABOUT
OBSTRUCTING CONGRESS. IT'S ABOUT
CONGRESS BEING PETULANT. AND
SAYING WE DO NOT WHAT WE WON'T
WANT. IN FEBRUARY OF THIS YEAR
ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL WHITAKER
, DO YOU REMEMBER THIS? I WILL
REMIND SOME OF THE FOLKS.
THEY WERE TRYING TO GET ACTING
ATTORNEY GENERAL WHITAKER HERE.
THEY WERE TRYING TO MAKE
POLITICAL POINTS AS THE YEAR GOT
STARTED BECAUSE THERE WAS
NOTHING ROLLING AT.
MUELLER HADN'T HAPPENED. THEY
COULDN'T TALK ABOUT IT EXCEPT
FOR BROAD GENERIC TERMS. ONE
WEEK BEFORE BILL BARR WAS SWORN
IN WE BROUGHT IN MR. WHITAKER.
WE THREATENED HIM WITH A
SUBPOENA AND MADE PUBLIC
DECLARATION ABOUT A SUBPOENA.
UNTIL WE FOUND OUT THE NIGHT
BEFORE THEY SENT HIM A LETTER.
IF YOU SHOW UP WE WILL NOT DO
THAT SUBPOENA.
WE FOUND IT ALL RIGHT HERE. WE
TALKED ABOUT IT. IT'S HARD FOR
ME TO HEAR HOW THIS CONGRESS AND
THIS COMMITTEE, AND WE WON'T
EVEN GET STARTED ON MR.
SCHIFF. HE LOVES THE CAMERA AND
THE MICROPHONE AND LOVES HIS OWN
GAVEL. HE DOESN'T LIKE TO ANSWER
HIS QUESTIONS ABOUT HIS OWN WORK
AND WHAT HE'S ACTUALLY DONE.
LAST WEEK WHEN MR. GOLDMAN WAS
HERE WHO ACTUALLY ORDERED THE
MATCHING OF THAT SO THEY CAN
UNMASK RANKING MEMBER AND
JOURNALIST. THEY COULD HAVE JUST
AS EASILY PUT IN IF IT HAD BEEN
PROPER
NUMBER ONE CONGRESSPERSON ONE.
IT DOESN'T MATTER THEY COULD USE
WHATEVER THEY WANTED TO. THEY
DID IT FOR DRIVE-BY PURPOSES.
TONIGHT AS WE HEAR THE ANGST AND
WE HEAR THE PLANE OUT HYPOCRISY
REMEMBER THIS IS A MAJORITY.
THEY HAVE ONE THING IN MIND.
THEY HAVE NOT PASSED BILLS. I
DENY THEY HAVE NOT PASSED BILLS
ENOUGH THAT CAN GET ANY
BIPARTISANSHIP IN THE UNIT
SENATE. WE WANT TO TALK ABOUT
SUBPOENAS.
YOU DON'T HAVE ABUSE OF POWER
AND YOU DEFINITELY DON'T HAVE
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS.
>> GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
MRS. DEMING SEEKS RECOGNITION.
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD. MR. CHAIRMAN I RISE IN
OPPOSITION TO THIS AMENDMENT.
ONE OF MY COLLEAGUES SAID WE ARE
USING THE LAW AS A WEAPON. THE
LAW IS A WEAPON. AGAINST PEOPLE
WHO DON'T RESPECT IT AND DON'T
OBEY IT. MY REPUBLICAN
COLLEAGUES HAVE CLAIMED THERE IS
NOT ENOUGH HERE. TO IMPEACH A
PRESIDENT. I HAVE HEARD THEM
PREVIOUSLY SAY THIS IS MERELY
ABOUT EIGHT LINES FROM ONE PHONE
CALL. PERHAPS THEY HAVE
FORGOTTEN THAT THE PRESSURE
AGAINST THE UKRAINE LASTED FOR
MONTHS. PERHAPS THEY FORGOT THEY
ARE TRYING TO LIMIT THIS TO
MERELY EIGHT LINES ON ONE PHONE
CALL. UNDERESTIMATES THE RISKS
TO OUR NATIONAL SECURITY
INTERNATIONAL INTEREST. YOU SEE,
UKRAINE'S ABILITY TO PROTECT
THEMSELVES AGAINST RUSSIAN
AGGRESSION IS DIRECTLY TIED TO
OUR ABILITY TO PROTECT OURSELVES
FROM RUSSIAN AGGRESSION. THAT'S
RIGHT, THIS PRESIDENT ONLY CARES
ABOUT THE BIG STUFF
. THE BIG STUFF, BIG THINGS THAT
ARE DIRECTLY TIED TO HIS
PERSONAL AGENDA. MY COLLEAGUES
ALSO SEEM TO IGNORE THE PATTERN
OF BEHAVIOR.
THE PATTERN OF MISCONDUCT.
CERTAINLY THE ABUSE OF POWER.
FIRST THE PRESIDENT WELCOMED
INTERFERENCE IN THE 2016
ELECTION. HIS CAMPAIGN HAVE
MULTIPLE CONTACTS WITH RUSSIA.
HE PUBLICLY HIMSELF INVITED
RUSSIA TO INTERFERE.
RUSSIA IF YOU ARE LISTENING,
REMEMBER THIS? I HOPE YOU WERE
ABLE TO FIND THE 30,000 EMAILS
THAT ARE MISSING. THEN AFTER THE
SPECIAL COUNSEL WAS ASSIGNED TO
INVESTIGATE THE PRESIDENT'S
CONDUCT THE PRESIDENT TRIED TO
COVER IT UP. BY OBSTRUCTING THE
INVESTIGATION, AND REFUSING TO
COOPERATE. THEN THIS ONE REALLY
ADDS AND TAKES THE CAKE. ONE DAY
AFTER THE SPECIAL COUNSEL
TESTIFIED BEFORE CONGRESS THE
PRESIDENT WAS ADDED AGAIN.
APPARENTLY UNDETERMINED AND BOLD
AND. HE DEMANDED INTERFERENCE
INTO THE 2020 ELECTIONS. TELLING
A VULNERABLE ALLY, I WOULD LIKE
YOU TO DO US A FAVOR.
CONDITIONED OFFICIAL ACTS ON THE
ANNOUNCEMENT OF A SHAM
INVESTIGATION INTO THE
PRESIDENT'S CHIEF POLITICAL
RIVAL. AND TRUE TO FORM, AFTER
THE PRESIDENT SCHEME WAS EXPOSED
AND HE WAS CAUGHT, AND CONGRESS
LAUNCHED AN INVESTIGATION THE
PRESIDENT TRIED TO COVER IT UP.
BY TRYING TO UNDERTAKE A
COMPLETE BLOCKADE. OF
THE INVESTIGATION. THE
PRESIDENT'S CONDUCT IS PART ANY
PATTERN.
FIRST THE PRESIDENT INVITES
FOREIGN POWERS TO INTERFERE IN
OUR ELECTION, AND THEN HE
INSTRUCTS UNLAWFUL INQUIRIES
INTO HIS BEHAVIOR. WHETHER BY
CONGRESS, OR BY LAW ENFORCEMENT.
THEN HE DOES IT AGAIN. REMEMBER
HE BELIEVES HE IS ABOVE THE LAW.
HE CERTAINLY HAS THE FULL
SUPPORT OF MY COLLEAGUES ON THE
OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE. MOST
RECENTLY THE PRESIDENT SUGGESTED
PUBLICLY THAT CHINA, WHY DON'T
YOU COME ON IN
. THE WATER IS WARM. CHINA
SHOULD INTERFERE IN OUR
ELECTIONS BY INVESTIGATING
FORMER VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN.
THE PRESIDENT HAS TAKEN NO
ACCOUNTABILITY FOR HIS
MISCONDUCT. HE HAS SHOWN
NO REMORSE. WHETHER HE HAS
DOUBLE DOWN AND MADE CLEAR HE
WILL CONTINUE TO SOLICIT
INTERFERENCE IN OUR ELECTION FOR
HIS OWN PERSONAL GAIN, NOT THE
GAIN OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. HE
WILL CONTINUE TO DISREGARD A
COEQUAL BRANCH OF GOVERNMENT.
THAT WAS DESIGNED TO KEEP THE
EXECUTIVE BRANCH IN CHECK. IN
OTHER WORDS UNLESS HE IS STOPPED
THE PRESIDENT WILL CONTINUE TO
ERODE OUR DEMOCRACY.
AND THE VALUES OF WHICH OUR
COUNTRY WAS FOUNDED. WE CANNOT
AND WE WILL NOT ALLOW THAT TO
HAPPEN. MR. CHAIRMAN I YIELD
BACK.
>> MR. RADCLIFFE SEEKS
RECOGNITION.
>> I YIELD. THE GENTLEMAN FROM
TEXAS. THERE IS A SAYING
, FAX DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR
FEELINGS. LET'S GO THROUGH
FACTS. LET'S TALK ABOUT THE
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, AND HOW
MUCH THEY ACTUALLY HAVE
COOPERATED WITH CONGRESS. IN A
REPORT, THE SCHIFF REPORT, HE
ARGUED THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS
OBSTRUCTED THE IMPEACHMENT
INQUIRY.  AND LETTER SENT TO
REQUEST DEPOSITION WITNESSES
CHAIRMAN SCHIFF WROTE
, ANY FAILURE TO APPEAR FOR
SCHEDULED DEPOSITIONS SHALL
CONSTITUTE EVIDENCE OF
OBSTRUCTION OF THE HOUSES
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY. END QUOTE.
HOWEVER, THERE IS AMPLE EVIDENCE
THAT THE ADMINISTRATION
COMPLYING WITH THE CONGRESSIONAL
OVERSIGHT
IN THE INVESTIGATIONS DURING
2017 AND 2018. EVEN WITH
CONGRESSIONAL PROBES THE
ADMINISTRATION DID NOT FIND
LEGITIMATE. FOR EXAMPLE, OVER 25
ADMINISTRATION OFFICIALS
TESTIFIED BEFORE THE HOUSE
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE
. OVER 20 ADMINISTRATION
OFFICIALS TESTIFIED BEFORE THE
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
ADDITIONALLY
AS THE START OF THE DEMOCRAT
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY THE
ADMINISTRATION HAS PRODUCED MORE
THAN 100,000 PAGES OF DOCUMENTS.
TO THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT
COMMITTEE. THAT'S OVER 100,000
PAGES OF DOCUMENTS.
THEY WERE PRODUCED IN A TIMELY
MANNER. THEY DID NOT DUMP THEM
WITHIN 48 HOURS OF THE HEARING.
I DIGRESS. THE ADMINISTRATION
ALSO ENGAGED IN THE
INVESTIGATIONS THAT THEY
DISAGREE WITH. THE HOUSE
OVERSIGHT DEMOCRATS INITIATE A
SWEEPING INVESTIGATION INTO THE
WHITE HOUSE SECURITY CLEARANCE
PRACTICES.
DESPITE THE PRESIDENT'S BROAD
AUTHORITY TO GRANT SECURITY
CLEARANCES TO WHOMEVER THE
ADMINISTRATION WISHES. IN THAT
INVESTIGATION THE ADMINISTRATION
PROVIDED THE CURRENT WHITE HOUSE
CHIEF SECURITY OFFICER TO BRIEF
BOTH MEMBERS AND STAFF THE WHITE
HOUSE SECURITY CLEARANCE
PROCESS. THE ADMINISTRATION IS
ALSO PROVIDING REVIEWS OF OVER
500 PAGES WHITE HOUSE DOCUMENTS.
RELATED TO THE SECURITY
CLEARANCE PROCESS. THE FBI HAS
ALLOWED COMMUNITY STAFF TO
REVIEW HUNDREDS OF DOCUMENTS
PERTAINING TO THE ROLE THE WHITE
HOUSE SECURITY CLEARANCE PLAYED
AND BRIEFED BOTH MEMBERS OF THE
COMMUNITY STAFF
, AND PROVIDED COMMUNITY STAFF
WITH MULTIPLE FALL OUT BRIEFINGS
REGARDING THEIR OWN INTERNAL
SECURITY CLEARANCE PROCESS.
WE'VE HEARD DEMOCRATS TALK THIS
EVENING ABOUT THE BORDER.
THE ADMINISTRATION HAS PRODUCED
MORE THAN 9600 DOCUMENTS.
LET'S JUST CONTRAST THAT WITH
THE DEMOCRATS' COMBATIVE
POSTURE. IN LETTERS TO THE STATE
DEPARTMENT EMPLOYEES, THE
COMMITTEE THREATENED WITNESSES
THAT AND I, QUOTE, ANY FAILURE
TO APPEAR, ANY FAILURE TO APPEAR
IN RESPONSE TO A MERE LETTER
REQUESTING THEIR PRESENTS FOR
DEPOSITION SHALL AND I, QUOTE,
CONSTITUTE EVIDENCE OF
OBSTRUCTION. THIS IS JUST
LETTERS NOT SUBPOENAS. IN
LETTERS THE STATE DEPARTMENT
EMPLOYEES AND LETTERS TO THE
STATE DEPARTMENT EMPLOYEES THE
COMMITTEE THREATENED WITNESSES
THAT IF THEY INSIST ON HAVING
AGENCY COUNSEL PRESENT TO
PROTECT
THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH, IN A
CONFIDENTIALITY INTEREST OR IF
THEY MAKE ANY EFFORT TO PROTECT
CONFIDENTIALITY INTERESTS AT
ALL, THESE OFFICIALS WILL HAVE
THEIR SALARIES WITHHELD.
WITHHOLDING
OF SALARIES. THE COMMITTEE
S HAVE NOT AFFORDED THE
PRESIDENT BASIC PROTECTIONS SUCH
AS THE RIGHT TO SEE ALL
EVIDENCE, THE RIGHT TO PRESENT
EVIDENCE, THE RIGHT TO CALL
WITNESSES, THE RIGHT TO HAVE
COUNSEL PRESENT AT HEARINGS, THE
RIGHT TO CROSS-EXAMINE ALL
WITNESSES, THE RIGHT TO MAKE
OBJECTIONS RELATING TO
EXAMINATION OF WITNESSES, OR THE
ADMISSIBILITY OF TESTIMONY AND
EVIDENCE AND DID NOT AFFORD THE
PRESIDENT THE RIGHT TO RESPOND
TO EVIDENCE AND TESTIMONY
PRESENTED. THANK YOU. I'LL YIELD
THE REMAINDER OF MY TIME.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
WHAT PURPOSE DOES MR. SWALWELL
SEEK RECOGNITION?
>> TO STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> THE URGENCY OF THIS MOMENT IS
THE GRAVE RISK THAT THE
PRESIDENT WILL AGAIN ABUSE HIS
POWER OF THE PRESIDENCY TO TRY
AND
SECURE HIS REELECTION. WE HAVE
REASON TO BE CONCERNED. THE
PRESIDENCY GIVES HIM GREAT
POWERS TO CAUSE OTHERS TO
INTERFERE IN OUR ELECTIONS. AND
THE ONLY PROTECTION WE HAVE IS
TO ACT NOW. BECAUSE THE
PRESIDENT IS CHEATING RIGHT NOW.
AND TO ANY OF MY COLLEAGUES WHO
ASK WHY MOVE ON THIS RIGHT NOW,
IT'S A CRIME
SPREE IN PROGRESS. AND AS
CHAIRMAN SCHIFF SAID EARLIER
THIS WEEK, WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED
TO DO? JUST LET HIM CHEAT ONE
MORE TIME? EXPECT HIM TO
EVENTUALLY DO THE RIGHT THING?
AND HERE'S WHAT MY COLLEAGUES'
LOGIC AMOUNTS TO IF WE WAIT. IT
AMOUNTS TO THIS. ALLOW THE
BUILDING TO BURN, COLLAPSE, FALL
TO THE GROUND AND THEN YOU
SHOULD CALL THE FIRE DEPARTMENT.
THIS PRESIDENT HAS SET OUR
DEMOCRACY ON FIRE. AND WE MUST
ACT TO SAVE IT. AND THERE'S AN
URGENCY TO ACT. AND THIS
PRESIDENT IS NOT ONLY BEING
IMPEACHED BECAUSE OF WHAT HE HAS
DONE. IT'S BECAUSE OF WHAT HE
CONTINUES TO DO.
WE KNOW WHAT HE'S DONE. NOT
REALLY DISPUTED. ABUSED HIS
POWER. ASKED A FOREIGN
GOVERNMENT TO HELP HIM CHEAT.
JEOPARDIZING OUR NATIONAL
SECURITY, INTEGRITY OF OUR
ELECTIONS FOR HIS OWN PERSONAL
GAIN. BUT THIS WAS NOT A ONE
OFF. WE'VE COME TO LEARN AS MS.
DEMINGS JUST EXPLAINED, THIS IS
WHAT HE DOES. AND THIS IS WHAT
HE WILL KEEP  DOING. IN 2016 AS
HE SAID, RUSSIA, IF YOU'RE
LISTENING, PACK MY OPPONENTS
E-MAILS. YOU'LL BE REWARDED.
TURNS OUT, RUSSIA WAS LISTENING.
TURNS OUT, RUSSIA HACKED
HIS OPPONENTS E-MAILS. THAT DAY
THEY SOUGHT TO PACK
HIS OPPONENTS E-MAILS. IN THAT
INVESTIGATION HE WENT TO GREAT
LENGTHS TO OBSTRUCT IT. SO WHY
IS IT SO URGENT THAT WE ACT
RIGHT NOW? THE PRESIDENT'S
LAWYER WAS JUST IN UKRAINE. THE
PRESIDENT'S LAWYER SAID IN MAY,
I'M NOT MEDDLING IN AN ELECTION.
WE, NOT I, WE DONALD TRUMP AND
I, OR MEDDLING IN AN
INVESTIGATION. AND THAT MEDDLING
CONTINUES TODAY. BUT THE
PRESIDENT'S OWN WORDS TELL US
ABOUT HIS CURRENT INTENT. ON
OCTOBER 2nd,
THE PRESIDENT SAID,
AND YOU KNOW WE'VE BEEN
INVESTIGATING ON A PERSONAL
BASIS THROUGH RUDY AND OTHERS
CORRUPTION IN THE 2016 ELECTION.
I THINK THAT IF WE ARE HONEST
ABOUT IT THEY SHOULD START A
MAJOR INVESTIGATION INTO THE
BIDENS. THAT SIMPLE. ON OCTOBER
3rd, THE PRESIDENT STOOD ON THE
WHITE HOUSE LAWN AND CONFIRMED
THAT HE WANTED UKRAINE TO
INVESTIGATE THE BIDENS. BUT THEN
HE ADDED A COUNTRY BECAUSE
THAT'S WHAT HE DOES. RUSSIA,
UKRAINE, HE SAID CHINA SHOULD
ALSO INVESTIGATE THE BIDENS. MY
COLLEAGUES, WE SHOULD NOT HAVE
TO HOPE OR PRAY THAT CHINA
WASN'T LISTENING WHEN HE SAID
THAT. BUT FORTUNATELY, PEOPLE ON
THIS
COMMITTEE ARE LISTENING.
AMERICANS ARE LISTENING. PEOPLE
WHO KNOW RIGHT FROM WRONG, OUR
CHILDREN ARE LISTENING. ARE YOU
LISTENING? AND
WHAT WE HEAR DEEPLY CONCERNS US
ABOUT WHAT THE PRESIDENT WILL DO
NEXT. AND WE ARE NOT HELPLESS.
IN FACT, WE KNOW THAT THE
COURAGE TO ACT IS THE ONLY THING
THAT HAS STOPPED THIS PRESIDENT.
THAT'S NOT A LEAP OF FAITH. YOU
SEE, IT WAS THE COURAGE OF DR.
FIONA HILL AND LIEUTENANT
COLONEL VINDMAN TO, QUOTE, GO TO
THE LAWYERS, WHEN THEY HEARD
THAT THE PRESIDENT WAS
CONDITIONING A WHITE HOUSE VISIT
FOR INVESTIGATIONS. IT WAS THE
COURAGE OF THE WHISTLEBLOWER TO
COME FORWARD. THAT'S WHAT GOT
UKRAINE THE AIDE. THE PRESIDENT
GOT CAUGHT. THEN UKRAINE GOT THE
AIDE. IF THOSE PEOPLE WERE NOT
COURAGEOUS, AND ACTED, UKRAINE
WOULD NOT HAVE THE AIDE TODAY.
SO WE MUST FOLLOW THEIR
PATTERN CONDUCT. AND ACT. WE
HAVE PATTERN EVIDENCE THAT NOT
ONLY DONALD TRUMP ASKED
CORRUPTLY, BUT THAT WHEN YOU
SHOW COURAGE AND ACT AGAINST
HIM, YOU CAN STOP HIM. IT'S
ACTUALLY THE ONLY WAY TO
EXTINGUISH HIS
CORRUPT WAYS. IF UNCHECKED, MY
COLLEAGUES, DONALD TRUMP DOES
NOT GET
BETTER. HE GETS WORSE. HE GETS
MORE CORRUPT. AND WE CAN'T WAIT
TILL THE NEXT ELECTION TO HOLD
HIM ACCOUNTABLE. NOT WHEN HE IS
TRYING TO RIG THE NEXT ELECTION.
SO WE MUST ACT. TO PROTECT
OUR NATIONAL SECURITY, THE
INTEGRITY OF OUR ELECTIONS AND
HONOR OUR OATH TO THE
CONSTITUTION. YIELD BACK.
>> THE QUESTION IS ON THE
AMENDMENT. THOSE IN FAVOR SAY
HI.
>> WE HAVE SOMEONE ASKING FOR
TIME.
>> I DIDN'T SEE A REQUEST.
>> YOU
STOPPED. NOW RECOGNIZING IT.
YOU'VE NOW RECOGNIZED IT.
>> I RECOGNIZE MR. GATES.
>> THANK YOU. MOVE TO STRIKE THE
LAST WORD.
>> THE
GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THEY ARE RIGHT. THEY CAN'T
WAIT BUT IT'S NOT THE REASON
THEY SAY. THE REASON THEY CAN'T
WAIT TILL THE NEXT ELECTION IS
BECAUSE THEY'VE TAKEN A LOOK AT
THEIR CANDIDATE FIELD AND THEY
HAVE FUNDAMENTALLY CHANGED EVERY
STANDARD THAT THEY'VE SET FOR
THEMSELVES FOR IMPEACHMENT FOR
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. WHETHER YOU
LIKE PRESIDENT TRUMP OR DON'T
LIKE TRUMP, IT WOULD AT LEAST BE
WORTH ACKNOWLEDGING THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE MOVED THE
GOALPOST ON WHAT IT WOULD
REQUIRE TO BRING US TO THIS
POINT. AND TO HARM OUR NATION
AND TO DISTRACT US SO MUCH FROM
THE CRITICAL NEEDS OF AMERICAN
PEOPLE WHO PROBABLY WONDER WHY
WE ARE NOT FOCUSED ON THEM RIGHT
NOW. FIRST THEY TOLD US IT HAS
TO BE BIPARTISAN.
I GET FOLKS WATCHING AT HOME
MIGHT THINK THAT I'M SOMEBODY
WHO REALLY LIKES THE PRESIDENT
AND I WOULD PROBABLY BE A HARD
VOTE FOR HIM TO GET FOR
IMPEACHMENT. BUT IT'S NOT JUST
THEY CAN'T CONVINCE THE
PRESIDENT'S SUPPORTERS NOT TO
ABANDON HIM. THEY CAN'T EVEN
CONVINCE THE PRESIDENT'S CRITICS
TO ABANDON HIM. JEFF BEN TRUE,
COLLIN PETERSON, TWO MEMBERS OF
CONGRESS, TWO DEMOCRATS, THEY
ARE NOT FANS OF THE PRESIDENT.
THERE CRITICS OF THE PRESIDENT.
YET THEY DIDN'T VOTE WITH
DEMOCRATS. THEY VOTED WITH
REPUBLICANS. WE'VE EVEN GOT SOME
REPUBLICANS. MY COLLEAGUE WILL
HURD FROM TEXAS DOESN'T MIND
BEING A CRITIC OF THE PRESIDENT.
HE WAS HONEST WITH DEMOCRATS. HE
TOLD THEM THIS IS NOT
IMPEACHABLE CONDUCT. THEY TOLD
US THAT THE PROCESS WOULD BE
FAIR. AND YET WHEN EVEN MEMBERS
OF THIS COMMITTEE SOUGHT THE
OPPORTUNITY NOT TO READ A
TRANSCRIPT OR SEE SOMEONE'S
SECOND PERFORMANCE OF
THEIR TESTIMONY BUT TO SEE THEIR
FIRSTHAND ACCOUNT, HOW THEY
REACTED, HOW THEY WERE
BREATHING, DID THEY FIDGET WHEN
THEY RESPONDED, WE WANTED TO SEE
THOSE THINGS AND WE WERE
EXCLUDED BY THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE. DEMOCRATS SAID THAT
TO PUT OUR COUNTRY THROUGH THIS
WOULD REQUIRE COMPELLING
AND OVERWHELMING EVIDENCE.
AND EACH AND EVERY TIME THEY
TRIED TO CAST DOUBT ON THE
PRESIDENT'S CONDUCT, WE ARE ABLE
TO SHOW A LEGITIMATE CONCERN THE
PRESIDENT HAD IN CORRUPTION. WE
ARE ABLE TO CITE THE TRANSCRIPT
THAT DEMONSTRATES NO
CONDITIONALITY AND TIME AND
AGAIN DEMOCRATS' SAY THERE'S
JUST NO FACTUAL DEBATE ABOUT
WHAT THE PRESIDENT DID. THE
FACTUAL DEBATE COMES FROM
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY. PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY SAID I WASN'T PRESSURED
AND THEY SAID ZELENSKY MIGHT NOT
HAVE KNOWN. SONDLAND TALKED AND
CONVEYED THIS
SHAKEDOWN. AND THE VERY DAY THEY
INTRODUCED ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT, HE GIVES AN
INTERVIEW AND SAYS WE NEVER
REALLY PERCEIVED THIS AS AN
EXCHANGE OF MILITARY FOR AID FOR
ANY ONE THING.
TIME AND AGAIN THEY LET US DOWN
IN THEIR CLAIMS BUT ONE THING WE
KNOW FOR CERTAIN, IS THAT THIS
WAS A SAD INEVITABILITY. I HAD
SOMEONE ASKED ME RECENTLY DO YOU
FEEL SOME SENSE OF HISTORY, SOME
SENSE OF MOMENT THAT YOU'RE
ABOUT TO VOTE ON IMPEACHMENT?
SADLY I KNEW THIS TIME WAS
COMING SINCE THE DEMOCRATS TOOK
CONTROL OF THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES BECAUSE THEY
DIDN'T LAY OUT A PLAN TO
APPROPRIATE FOR THE BUDGET, WORK
WITH US ON CRITICAL GENERATIONAL
ISSUES, THEY SET OUT A PLAN FOR
IMPEACHMENT. HOW DO
WE KNOW THAT? WHEN THE CHAIRMAN
HIMSELF CAMPAIGNED FOR THE LEAD
DEMOCRAT ROLE ON THE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE, HE DIDN'T SAY PICK ME
BECAUSE I'M A GREAT LEGISLATOR
AROUND SOME PARTICULAR ISSUE
SET. HE SAID PICK ME BECAUSE I
WILL BE THE PERSON THAT CAN BEST
LEAD OUR CAUCUS THROUGH A
POTENTIAL IMPEACHMENT. THEY'VE
HAD A BLOODLUST FOR IMPEACHMENT.
IT HAS
BEEN THEIR OBSESSION. AND IT'S
DEEPLY SADDENING TO US. WE TAKE
ABSOLUTELY NO JOY IN THE FACT
THAT IT IS SO CONSUMING. BUT
HERE WE STAND ON THE VERGE OF
IT. AND MY EXPECTATION IS THAT
THIS NEW STANDARD IN THE SECOND
ARTICLE WITH JUST THE NOTION OF
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS IS THEIR
EXCUSE FOR NOT BEING ABLE TO
PROVE OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
PUBLIC REPORTING HAS BEEN THE
CHAIRMAN WENT TO THE DEMOCRATIC
CAUCUS AND SOUGHT SUPPORT TO
BRING AN ARTICLE FOR OBSTRUCTION
OF JUSTICE AND COULDN'T GET
THEIR SUPPORT. NOW HERE WE ARE
WITH OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS.
THE LOW-ENERGY VERSION OF THE
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE CLAIM
THAT THEY WANTED.
THEY HOPED THEY WERE GOING TO BE
ABLE TO CONVICT AND ACCUSE AND
EVIDENCE SOME CLAIM ON BRIBERY.
THAT'S WHAT THEIR POLLSTERS AND
PUNDITS TOLD THEM WOULD BE BEST
AS THEY SOLEMNLY TELL US THIS IS
SAID TO THEM. THEY
WERE OUT PULLING WHAT LEXICON,
WHAT WORD CHOICE WOULD HELP THEM
MAKE THE CASE TO THE AMERICAN
PUBLIC AND SO THEY SET ON
BRIBERY, YOU ALL IN THE MEDIA
HEARD IT. YOU HEARD THEM ON
EVERY SHOW TALKING ABOUT THIS IS
THE NEW STANDARD. SPEAKER PELOSI
SPEAKING THIS LANGUAGE AND WE
ASKED THE WITNESSES DID YOU SEE
BRIBERY? AND THE EVIDENCE WASN'T
THERE. SO INSTEAD OF BRIBERY,
INSTEAD OF TREASON,
EXTORTION, YOU HAVE ABUSE OF
POWER. THE LOW-ENERGY VERSION.
I'M DISAPPOINTED IN MY
COLLEAGUES. BUT PROBABLY EVEN
THOSE WHO DON'T SUPPORT THE
PRESIDENT WOULD SHARE THAT
DISAPPOINTMENT IN THIS VERY
MOMENT. AND I YIELD BACK.
>> GENTLEMEN YIELD BACK.
>> I HAVE A UNANIMOUS CONSENT
REQUEST.
>> I
RECOGNIZE MR. RESCHENTHALER FOR
THE PURPOSE.
>> THANK YOU, MR. CHAIRMAN. I
ASK UNANIMOUS CONSENT TO ENTER
THE I REFERENCED WHICH IS THE
LETTER FROM CHAIRMAN ENGEL TO
JOHN SULLIVAN IN WHICH CHAIRMAN
ENGEL SAYS OFFICIALS WHO INSIST
ON COUNSEL WILL HAVE THEIR
SALARY --
>> OBJECTION.
>> THANK YOU.
>> THE QUESTION NOW OCCURS ON
THE AMENDMENT. THOSE IN FAVOR,
SAY AYE. THOSE OPPOSED, NO. IN
THE OPINION
OF THE CHAIR THE NOES HAVE IT
AND THE AMENDMENT IS NOT AGREED
TO. THE ROLLCALL IS REQUESTED.
THE CLERK WILL CALL THE ROLL.
>> KNOEDLER?
>> NO.
>> MS. LOFGREN?
>> JACLYN LEE?
>> NO.
>> MR. COHEN?
>> MR. JOHNSON OF GEORGIA?
>> NO.
>> MR. DEUTSH?
>> BASSETT?
>> NO.
>> MR. RICHMOND?
>> JEFFRIES?
>> NO.
>> MR. CECILIANI?
>> MR. SWALWELL?
>>
NO.
>> MR. LOU, MR. RASKIN?
>> NO.
>> MS. JAYAPAL?
>> MS. DEMING?
>> NO.
>> MR. CORREA?
>> MS. SCANLAN?
>> NO.
>> MS.
GARCIA?
>> NO.
>> MS. MCBETH?
>> MR. STANTON?
>> NO. MS. DEAN VOTE NO.
>>
NO. MS. ESCOBAR?
>> NO.
>> MR. COLLINS?
>> AYE.
>> MR. SENSENBRENNER?
>> MR. SHEPHERD VOTE AYE.
>> MR. GOHMERT?
>> AYE.
>> MR. JORDAN?
>> MR. BUCK BOTH AYE. MR.
RATCLIFFE?
>> YES.
>> MS. ROBEY VOTES AYE.
>> MR. GATES?
>> AYE.
>> MR. JOHN SCIARRA OF
LOUISIANA?
>> AYE.
>> MR. BIGGS?
>> MR. McCLINTOCK?
>> AYE.
>> MS. LESKO?
>> MR. RESCHENTHALER?
>> AYE.
>> MR. KLEIN?
>> MR. ARMSTRONG?
>> YES.
>>
MR. STEWIE?
>> YES.
>> HAS EVERY MEMBER VOTED WHO
WISHES TO VOTE? THE CLERK WILL
REPORT.
>> MR.
CHAIRMAN THERE ARE 17 BYES AND
17 NOES.
>> ARE THERE ANY FURTHER
AMENDMENTS TO THE AMENDMENT IN
THE NATURE OF SUBSTANCE?
>> DETERMINE? I HAVE AN
AMENDMENT AT THE DESK.
>> I RESERVE A POINT OF ORDER.
>> THE CLERK WILL REPORT THE
AMENDMENT.
>> AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT OF
THE NATURE
OF A SUBSTITUTE 755 OFFERED BY
MR. JORDAN OF OHIO PAGE FOUR
STRIKE LINE 23 AND ALL THAT
FOLLOWS THROUGH PAGE FIVE LINE
FIVE. PAGE EIGHT STRIKES THE
LINE 10 THROUGH 17.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED
FOR THE PURPOSE OF EXPLAINING
HIS AMENDMENT.
>> FIRST OF ALL MY POINT ORDER.
>> PORTABLE IS WITHDRAWN.
>> SIMPLY STRIKES THE LAST EIGHT
LINES IN ARTICLE ONE AND THE
LAST EIGHT LINES IN ARTICLE TWO.
YOU HAVE A RIGGED AND RUSHED
PROCESS WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE THE
FACTS
ON YOUR SIDE. WE'VE BEEN THROUGH
THESE FACTS MANY TIMES. UKRAINE
DIDN'T KNOW AID WAS HELD UP AT
THE TIME OF THE CALL BY THE
DEMOCRATS ASSERT THAT
PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS PRESSURING
ZELENSKY ON THE CALL TO
INVESTIGATE THE BUTTONS IN ORDER
TO GET THE AID THAT HE DIDN'T
EVEN KNOW WAS ON HOLD. THAT'S
THEIR ARGUMENT. AND BY THE WAY,
DOWN THE ROAD PRESIDENT ZELENSKY
SAID THERE WAS NO PRESSURE ON
THE CALL. NO PUSHING. NO LINKAGE
WHATSOEVER. BUT YOU HAVE A
RIGGED AND RUSHED PROCESS WHEN
YOU DON'T HAVE THE FACTS. YOU
HAVE A RIGGED AND RUSHED PROCESS
WHEN YOU CAN'T ACCEPT THE WILL
OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. SPEAKER
OF
THE HOUSE PELOSI, NANCY PELOSI
CALLED THE PRESIDENT AN IMPOSTER
JUST THREE WEEKS AGO. THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE NEVER ACCEPTED
THE WILL OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
AND THAT'S WHY THEY'VE BEEN UP
TO GET THIS PRESIDENT SINCE EVEN
BEFORE HE WAS ELECTED. AND OF
COURSE YOU HAVE A RIGGED AND
RUSHED PROCESS WHEN YOU'RE
AFRAID THAT YOU CAN'T BEAT THE
PRESIDENT AT THE BALLOT BOX.
WHEN YOU'RE NERVOUS ABOUT
NEXT FALL'S ELECTION.
YOU HAVE THIS KIND OF PROCESS. A
RIGGED AND RUSHED PROCESS. THIS
IS NOT ABOUT THE CONCERN. THIS
IS NOT ABOUT THE CONCERN MR.
SWALWELL TALKED ABOUT THAT
SOMEHOW THE PRESIDENT WAS GOING
TO DO SOMETHING WRONG AND TRY TO
INFLUENCE THE ELECTION. THIS IS
ABOUT THEIR CONCERN THAT THEY
CAN'T WIN NEXT YEAR BASED ON
WHAT THE PRESIDENT HAS
ACCOMPLISHED IN
THE PAST THREE YEARS.
IT'S AN AMAZING RECORD IN SPITE
OF THE DEMOCRATS BEING
COMPLETELY AGAINST THE PRESIDENT
AND DESPITE OF THE MAINSTREAM
PRESS BEING AGAINST THE
PRESIDENT, IN IN SPITE OF A FEW
REPUBLICANS IT'S AMAZING WHAT'S
BEEN ACCOMPLISHED. TAXES HAVE
BEEN CUT, REGULATIONS REDUCED,
THE ECONOMY GROWING AT AN
UNBELIEVABLE RATE. LOWEST
UNEMPLOYMENT IN 50 YEARS.
266,000 JOBS ADDED LAST MONTH
ALONE. 54,000 IN THE
MANUFACTURING SECTOR. MR.
GORSUCH, MR. KAVANAUGH ON THE
COURT. A LOT
OF OTHER JUDGES CONFIRMED. OUT
OF THE IRAN DEAL, EMPATHY
JERUSALEM, HOSTAGES HOME FROM
NORTH KOREA, NEW NAFTA
AGREEMENT NEXT WEEK. YOU GUYS,
IT'S A RIGGED, RUSHED PROCESS
BECAUSE YOU'RE NERVOUS ABOUT
NEXT NOVEMBER. MR. GREEN SAYS WE
HAVE TO IMPEACH HIM BECAUSE HE'S
GOING TO WIN THE ELECTION. WE
KNOW WHAT
THIS IS ABOUT. THINK
ABOUT THIS PRESIDENT. THINK
ABOUT THIS IS WHY THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE LIKE HIM SO MUCH IS
BECAUSE HE'S DOING WHAT HE SAID
HE WOULD DO. EVERY PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION I'VE BEEN ABLE TO
PARTICIPATE IN BOTH CANDIDATES,
REPUBLICAN AND
DEMOCRAT, CANDIDATES WHEN THEY
CAMPAIGN FOR THE
JOB THEY TELL THE COUNTRY IF YOU
ELECT ME I'M GOING TO MOVE THE
EMBASSY TO JERUSALEM.
REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS. THEY
CAMPAIGN ON IT. THEN THEY GET
ELECTED AND THEY COME UP WITH A
MILLION REASONS WHY THEY CAN'T
DO WHAT THEY SAID THEY WERE
GOING TO DO. WHAT THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE ELECTED THEM TO DO. AND
THEY NEVER GET IT DONE BY THIS
PRESIDENT SAID I'M GOING TO DO
IT EVEN THOUGH THE SAME PEOPLE,
THE SAME INTERAGENCY CONSENSUS
WE'VE HEARD SO MUCH ABOUT OVER
THE LAST THREE
MONTHS IN THIS IMPEACHMENT
INQUIRY, EVEN THOUGH THAT SAME
INTERAGENCY CONSENSUS WAS
PROBABLY AGAINST HIM ON THAT
MOVE, THIS PRESIDENT SAID I'M
GOING TO DO IT. AND IT'S BEEN A
GOOD THING. AND THAT'S WHAT THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE APPRECIATE. AND
THAT'S WHY WE GOT THIS RIGGED
AND RUSHED PROCESS BECAUSE IT'S
REALLY
ABOUT NEXT NOVEMBER.
THEY ARE ALL AFRAID. SOME OF
THEIR COLLEAGUES HAVE SAID IT
STRAIGHT UP. THEY'RE ALL AFRAID.
THAT THEY CAN'T BEAT HIM AT THE
BALLOT BOX. THEY'RE GOING TO DO
THIS RIGGED, RUSHED AND WRONG
EACH PROCESS. I WOULD URGE A YES
VOTE ON THE INVESTMENT. I WOULD
YIELD THE REMAINDER OF MY TIME.
>> I WANTED TO ASK THE GENTLEMAN
FROM OHIO A QUESTION. BASED ON
THE STANDARDS THE DEMOCRATS ARE
ASSERTING HERE, IF SOMEBODY IS
IN THE HOUSE OR SENATE, RUNNING
FOR PRESIDENT, AND THEY SUPPORT
OR PUSH THEM EACH OF THE
PRESIDENT, WOULD THEY BE SUBJECT
TO BEING EXPELLED
FOR ABUSING THEIR POSITION? JUST
CURIOUS.
>> I THINK I'LL LET MY COLLEAGUE
ANSWER THAT QUESTION BUT WHAT I
DO KNOW IS I THINK MY COLLEAGUES
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE
ARE AS I
SAID NERVOUS ABOUT THEIR
PROSPECTS FOR NEXT NOVEMBER
AGAINST PRESIDENT TRUMP BASED ON
HIS AMAZING RECORD OF LEADERSHIP
IN THE LAST THREE YEARS. I WOULD
YIELD BACK. THANK YOU.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YELLED BACK. I
RECOGNIZE MYSELF TO SPEAK IN
OPPOSITION TO THE AMENDMENT. I
THINK THAT THE FACTS APTLY
DEMONSTRATE THE CHARGES IN THESE
TWO ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT.
NAMELY THAT THE PRESIDENT PUT
HIS OWN INTERESTS IN FRONT OF
THE INTEREST OF THE
COUNTRY. THAT HE SOUGHT TO USE
THE POWER OF THE PRESIDENCY TO
WITHHOLD AID, MILITARY AID FROM
AN ALLY. AND TO
EXTORT THAT ALLY INTO MAKING AN
ANNOUNCEMENT OF A BOGUS
INVESTIGATION OF A POLITICAL
OPPONENT OF HIS. FOR HIS OWN
PERSONAL BENEFIT AND THAT HE
OBSTRUCTED CONGRESS BY REFUSING
ALL COOPERATION AND INSTRUCTING
THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH NOT TO
COOPERATE WITH CONGRESS IN THE
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY. THIS
AMENDMENT, SIMPLY TAKE THE LAST
TWO PARAGRAPHS OF EACH  ARTICLE.
IT TAKES THE PARAGRAPH THAT SAYS
WHEREFORE THE PRESIDENT SHOULD
BE IMPEACHED. IT RENDERS THE TWO
ARTICLES SIMPLY A CATALOG OF
VARIOUS BAD AXE BY THE PRESIDENT
BUT TAKES THE FORCE AND EFFECT
OF THE ARTICLES ENTIRELY AWAY.
IT IS SILLY IF YOU BELIEVE
THAT THE PRESIDENT IS GUILTY OF
WHAT THE ARTICLES CHARGE HIM
WITH, YOU SHOULD VOTE FOR THE
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT. IF YOU
BELIEVE HE IS NOT, YOU SHOULD
VOTE AGAINST THE ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. BUT TO TRY TO HAVE
THIS AMENDMENT THAT SIMPLY
RENDERS THE ARTICLES, CATALOGS
OF BAD AXE AND TAKES OUT THE
EFFECT OF SENTENCES IS SILLY. SO
I URGE A NO VOTE ON THIS
AMENDMENT. AND I WILL URGE OF
COURSE THAT WE ADOPT THE
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT. I YIELD
BACK THE BALANCE OF MY TIME.
>> MR.
CHAIR?
>>
>> WHAT PURPOSE?
>> MOVED TO STRIKE LEFTWARD.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> IT'S REALLY INTERESTING HOW
YOU JUST DESCRIBED THIS BECAUSE
REALLY THIS IS WHAT WE THINK
THIS
ENTIRE TIME. THE FACTS IS REALLY
ALL THAT YOU HAVE. YOU KEEP
THROWING AROUND THESE BAD FACTS
THAT YOU DON'T LIKE. IT'S
INTERESTING TO ME ALSO THAT THE
CATALOGING AND YOU GOT TO IT. IT
TOOK A LITTLE BIT BUT THE
CATALOG OF BAD AXE THAT YOU
DON'T LIKE AND SIMPLY TAKES AWAY
THE PUNISHMENT IF YOU WOULD OR
WHAT THE END RESULT WILL BE. IT
SHOULD NOT SURPRISE ANYONE
BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY HAVE DONE ALL
YEAR. THEY DID IT ONE TIME ON
THE FLOOR OF THE HOUSE WHEN THE
SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE BROKE THE
RULES OF THE HOUSE ON THE FLOOR
AND INSTEAD OF OWNING UP TO
BREAKING THE RULES OF DECORUM ON
THE FLOOR SHE HAD EVERYBODY
COMEBACK DOWN ON --
>> THE CATALOG OF BAD AXE THAT
YOU DON'T LIKE AND SIMPLY TAKES
AWAY THE PUNISHMENT IF YOU WOULD
OR WHAT THE ACTUAL END RESULT
WILL BE. IT SHOULD NOT SURPRISE
ANYONE HERE BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY HAVE DONE
ALL YEAR. THEY DID IT ONE TIME
ON THE FLOOR OF THE HOUSE WHEN
THE SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE BROKE
THE RULES OF THE
HOUSE ON THE FLOOR AND INSTEAD
OF OWNING UP TO BREAKING THE
RULES OF DECORUM ON THE FLOOR
SHE HAD EVERYBODY COMEBACK DOWN
ON THE MAJORITY SIDE AND VOTE TO
RESTORE HER RIGHT TO SPEAK EVEN
THOUGH SHE BLATANTLY BROKE THE
RULES. SO DON'T GIVE ME THIS
HIGH AND MIGHTY WE ARE TAKING
AWAY THE RULES AND HAVING A LIST
OF IDEAS HERE. THAT'S WHAT WE'VE
BEEN DOING ALL YEAR. I TOLD THE
AUDIENCE THE OTHER DAY. THE
GROUP JUST THE OTHER DAY THAT
YOU CAN ALWAYS JUDGE MANY THINGS
BY WHAT YOU SPEND TIME ON AND
WHAT YOU SPEND MONEY ON. SPENT
TIME AND MONEY ON. I'VE SAID
ALREADY THAT THIS IS AN
IMPEACHMENT OF CLOCK AND
CALENDAR AND I BELIEVE THAT TO
BE TRUE BECAUSE WE ARE SEEING IT
TONIGHT. THIS WHOLE PROCESS.
THREE HEARINGS, TWO
HEARINGS I'M SORRY, AND A
MARKUP, THAT'S ALL WE ARE DOING.
THE RUBBER STEP IN THIS
COMMITTEE IS OUT SO IT'S A TIME
YOU SHOULD BECAUSE THEY'VE BEEN
TOLD AND I UNDERSTAND THIS IS
THE LEADERSHIP WANTS THIS TO
HAPPEN, THIS IS WHY IT'S
HAPPENING. THEY'VE GOT NO
CHOICE. I FEEL FOR THE CHAIRMAN
IN THAT REGARD BECAUSE HE
DOESN'T HAVE A CHOICE. THE
SPEAKER AND OTHERS HAVE TOLD HIM
THIS IS WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN
AND WE SEE HOW IT'S PLAYING OUT.
IT GOES BACK FURTHER TO THE
FIRST OF THE YEAR. THIS IS A
TIME AND MONEY ISSUE. THIS IS A
CALENDAR AND CLOCK ISSUE BECAUSE
THE COMMITTEE, THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE
AND THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
DECIDED EARLY ON TO SPEND MONEY
TO BRING OUTSIDE HELP IN HOW TO
PREPARE FOR TONIGHT. THEY DIDN'T
KNOW EXACTLY IT WAS GOING TO BE
LIKE THIS IN JANUARY OR NOVEMBER
AND DECEMBER WHEN THEY DID HIRE
THE EXTRA HELP BUT THEY KNEW
THEY WERE GOING TO GET TO IT
SOMEHOW. THEY DIDN'T KNOW HOW.
AND THEY KEPT WAITING AND
WAITING SO THEY HIRED EXTRA
OUTSIDE  COUNSEL. THEY DID IT ON
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE AND
THEY WANTED IT BECAUSE ALL THEY
WERE GOING TO DO WAS INVESTIGATE
THE PRESIDENT. AND THEY DID. THE
ONLY THING I CAN SAY IS
CONGRATULATIONS. THEY FINALLY
MADE IT TO WHAT THEY'VE ALWAYS
WANTED TO DO. THAT'S WHAT WE'RE
SEEING RIGHT HERE. TO DESCRIBE
THIS TONIGHT AND DESCRIBE IT AS
IT WAS DESCRIBED IS SIMPLY
TAKING AWAY THE PUNISHMENT AND
LISTING A LOT OF BAD AXE. I
COULD DO THAT ABOUT THE MAJORITY
ALL YEAR IN THESE
CAVITIES AND INVESTIGATIONS.
WE HAVE HAD MORE HEARINGS IN
WHICH THEY GOT TO BASICALLY
SCREAM AT ADMINISTRATION
WITNESSES BUT YET OFFER NO
SOLUTIONS. IT IS MIND BOGGLING.
IT'S DEHUMANIZING. ONE OF MY
COLLEAGUES SAID. AND I CALL THEM
OUT WHEN WE WERE TALKING ABOUT
IMMIGRATION. NOW TODAY, TO AGAIN
COME BEFORE THIS COMMITTEE TO
TAKE ALL OF THIS AND NEVER HAVE
A FACT WITNESS. I THINK IT
WAS INTERESTING WHAT MY FRIEND
FROM FLORIDA SAID. THERE IS A
PURPOSE TO SEE PEOPLE AT WITNESS
EVEN IF THEY'VE TESTIFIED TO SEE
HOW THEY WOULD ANSWER QUESTIONS.
IN THIS COMMITTEE THAT WOULD
HAVE BEEN A GOOD THING. BUT WE
DON'T HAVE THAT. BUT TO SAY WITH
A STRAIGHT FACE AND I APPRECIATE
THIS, TO SAY AT THE END OF THE
DAY ALL WE ARE DOING IS TAKING
AWAY THE PUNISHMENT BECAUSE YOU
HAVE A LIST OF BAD ACTORS, WHEN
THE MAJORITY HAVE DONE THAT ALL
YEAR AND ESPECIALLY THE CLASSIC
CASE OF THE SPEAKER ON THE FLOOR
OF THE HOUSE BREAKING THE LAW OF
THE RULES OF THE FLOOR AND THEN
HAVING THE MAJORITY COME DOWN
AND RESTORE HER RIGHT SIMPLY
BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T LIKE THE
FACT THAT SHE HAD BROKE THE
RULES. THIS IS WHERE
WE ARE AT.
IT'S A MONEY AND TIME ISSUE. IT
WOULD BE NICE IF IT WAS HIGH AND
NOBLE. WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE IF
IT WAS EXCEPT FOR ALL THE CRIMES
THEY'VE TALKED ABOUT, EXTORTION,
BRIBERY, WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE IF
THEY COULD HAVE FOUND ACTUAL
FACTS TO PUT THAT INTO AN
ARTICLE. THEY COULDN'T. THEY
WON'T. BECAUSE THEY CAN'T. MAYBE
IT'S BECAUSE THEY'RE HAVING
TROUBLE EXPLAINING THOSE BECAUSE
THEY COULDN'T. PAUL TESTING
WASN'T GOOD AND THEY GET MEMBERS
WHO NEED TO GO BACK AND SAY I
WAS FORCED TO DO THIS BUT REALLY
THE PRESIDENT IS A BAD GUY AND
THIS WAS AN ABUSE OF POWER.
AGAIN, SAY IT LONG ENOUGH
SOMEBODY MIGHT BELIEVE IT. BUT
THIS IS WHERE WE'RE AT. AND IT'S
REALLY INTERESTING AGAIN. FROM
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS TO WATCH
THIS CONGRESS, THIS MAJORITY
WORK IS JUST TRULY AMAZING. AND
TO SAY THIS, WHEN NO FACTS
TOGETHER, ABUSE OF POWER,
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS THIS IS
ALL THEY'VE GOT? THIS IS ALL
THEY HAVE? TO MAKE
THIS EXCUSE? GOOD LUCK.
THAT DOG AIN'T HUNTING ANYMORE.
NOBODY IS. JUST AIN'T WORKING. I
YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> MR.
CHAIR?
>> WHAT PURPOSE?
>> THANK YOU, MR. CHAIR. I THINK
IT'S AN APPROPRIATE TIME OR I
MOVE TO STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> AGONIZED.
>> THANK YOU, MR. CHAIR. I THINK
IT'S AN APPROPRIATE TIME TO
REMIND YOU AGAIN OF YOUR OWN
WORDS THAT WERE STATED JUST A
FEW
MONTHS AGO LAST YEAR. DURING AN
INTERVIEW ON MSNBC THIS MORNING
JOE, ON NOVEMBER 26,  2018,
CHAIRMAN NADLER OUTLINED THE
THREE-PRONGED TEST THAT HE SAID
WOULD ALLOW FOR A LEGITIMATE
IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDING. AND NOW
I, QUOTE,
CHAIRMAN NADLER'S REMARKS.
THEIR REALLY ARE THREE QUESTIONS
I THINK. FIRST, HAS THE
PRESIDENT
COMMITTED IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES?
SECOND, DO THOSE OFFENSES RISE
TO THE GRAVITY THAT'S WORTH
PUTTING THE COUNTRY THROUGH THE
DRAMA OF IMPEACHMENT? NUMBER 3,
BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT TO TEAR
THE COUNTRY APART, YOU DON'T
WANT HALF OF THE COUNTRY TO SAY
TO THE OTHER HALF, FOR THE NEXT
30 YEARS, WE WON THE ELECTION,
YOU STOLE
IT FROM US.
YOU HAVE TO BE ABLE TO THINK AT
THE BEGINNING OF THE IMPEACHMENT
PROCESS THAT THE EVIDENCE IS SO
CLEAR OF OFFENSES SO GRAVE THAT
ONCE YOU'VE LAID OUT ALL THE
EVIDENCE A GOOD FRACTION OF THE
OPPOSITION VOTERS WILL
RELUCTANTLY ADMIT TO THEMSELVES
THEY HAD TO DO IT. OTHERWISE YOU
HAVE A PARTISAN IMPEACHMENT.
WHICH WILL TEAR THE COUNTRY
APART. IF YOU MEET THESE THREE
TESTS, THEN I THINK YOU
DO THE IMPEACHMENT.
NOW, LET'S SEE IF CHAIRMAN
NADLER'S THREE-PRONGED TEST HAS
BEEN MET. FIRST, HAS THE
PRESIDENT COMMITTED AN
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE? NO. THERE
HAS BEEN NO WITNESS, NO DEMOCRAT
WITNESS, FACT WITNESS, THAT CAN
PROVE THAT FACT. SECOND, DO
THOSE OFFENSES RISE TO THE
GRAVITY THAT'S WORTH PUTTING THE
COUNTRY THROUGH THE
DRAMA OF IMPEACHMENT? ABSOLUTELY
NOT. THIRD, HAVE THE DEMOCRATS
LAID OUT A CASE SO CLEAR THAT
EVEN THE OPPOSITION HAS TO
AGREE? NO. YOU AND HOUSE
DEMOCRATS LEADERSHIP ARE TEARING
THE COUNTRY APART.
HE SAID THE EVIDENCE NEEDS TO BE
CLEAR. IT IS NOT. YOU SAID
OFFENSES NEED TO BE GRAVE. THEY
ARE NOT. YOU SAID ONCE THE
EVIDENCE IS LAID OUT, THAT THE
OPPOSITION WILL ADMIT THEY HAD
TO DO
IT. THAT HASN'T HAPPENED. IN
FACT POLLING ON THE FACT THAT
NOT ONE SINGLE REPUBLICAN VOTED
ON THE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY
RESOLUTION OR THE SHIFT REPORT
AND I DOUBT THAT ONE SINGLE
REPUBLICAN WILL VOTE ON THESE
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT TONIGHT
OR ON THE FLOOR OF THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES REVEALS
THAT THE OPPOSITE IS IN FACT
TRUE. IN FACT, WHAT YOU AND YOUR
DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES HAVE DONE
IS THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT YOU SAID
HAD TO BE DONE. THIS IS A
PARTISAN IMPEACHMENT. ENTITIES
TEARING THE COUNTRY APART. AND
WITH THAT I YIELD BACK.
>> GENTLE LADY YIELDS BACK.
>>
MR. CHAIRMAN?
>> WHAT PURPOSE DOES MR. JOHNSON
SEEK RECOGNITION?
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THANK YOU. I AM JUST RISING
TO SPEAK IN SUPPORT
OF THIS AMENDMENT. FOR MR.
JORDAN AND I THINK IT'S REALLY
APPROPRIATE. I DON'T THINK WE
ARE ASKING FOR ANYTHING
EXTRAORDINARY BECAUSE I'M
READING THIS RESOLUTION AS IT'S
DRAFTED AND THE LANGUAGE JUMPS
OFF THE PAGE. THIS IS REALLY
PERSONAL. THE LINES THAT HE IS
SEEKING TO STRIKE WITH THIS
AMENDMENT
SHOULD BE STRUCK. THE VITRIOLIC,
THE HATRED JUST DRIPS FROM THE
PLEADING HERE. IT SOUNDS LIKE IT
CAME RIGHT OUT OF THE PETER
STRZOK, LISA PAGE EXCHANGE IS.
LISTEN TO WHAT IT SAYS. RIGHT
HERE, ON THE PAGE, THE LINES
THAT WE WANT TO STRIKE. IN PART
PRESIDENT TRUMP WARRANTS
IMPEACHMENT AND TRIAL, REMOVAL
FROM OFFICE AND DISQUALIFICATION
TO HOLD AND ENJOY ANY OFFICE OF
HONOR OR TRUST OR PROFIT UNDER
THE UNITED STATES. LOOK. THEY
DON'T JUST WANT TO REMOVE HIM
FROM
THE OVAL OFFICE. THEY WANT TO
CRUSH HIM. THEY WANT TO DESTROY
DONALD TRUMP. THEY WANT TO
BANISH HIM FROM THE MARKETPLACE.
IT'S SO OVER THE TOP. PROFESSOR
TURLEY AGAIN THE ONLY WITNESS,
THE ONLY WITNESS WE'VE BEEN
ALLOWED IN
THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
, THE COMMITTEE THAT HAS
JURISDICTION OVER THIS ISSUE, WE
GOT ONE WITNESS IN THE PROCESS.
AND HE WAS NOT A DONALD TRUMP
SUPPORTER. HE CAME IN AND SAID I
DON'T EVEN, I'D DIDN'T VOTE FOR
HIM BUT I CAME TO GIVE OBJECTIVE
ANALYSIS BECAUSE MY ALLEGIANCES
TO THE CONSTITUTION. YOU KNOW
WHAT HE GOT FOR THAT OBJECTIVE
ANALYSIS THAT HE DELIVERED? SO
ARTICULATELY. HE GOT DEATH
THREATS. HE HAD TO PUBLISH AN
OP-ED EXPLAINING THAT THERE WAS
THIS OUTCRY AND A CALL FOR HIM
TO BE REMOVED FROM HIS POSITION
AT HIS UNIVERSITY. DEATH THREATS
BECAUSE HE GAVE AN OBJECTIVE
VIEW OF THE CONSTITUTION. THE
VITRIOLIC, THE DEFCON LEVEL, THE
POLITICAL SCALE IS AT ONE RIGHT
NOW AND IT'S SO CRAZY AND IT'S
BECAUSE OF LANGUAGE LIKE THIS
IN THE RESOLUTION.
THAT IS PUSHING THIS. TELL YOU
WHAT PROFESSOR TURLEY SAID. A
COUPLE EXCERPTS IN HIS SUMMARY.
AS I HAVE STRESSED, THIS IS IN
HIS WRITTEN REPORT THAT HE
SUBMITTED, AS I HAVE STRESSED,
IT IS POSSIBLE TO ESTABLISH A
CASE FOR IMPEACHMENT BASED ON
NONCRIMINAL ALLEGATION OF ABUSE
OF POWER. BUT ALTHOUGH
CRIMINALITY IS NOT REQUIRED,
CLARITY IS NECESSARY. THAT COMES
FROM A COMPLETE AND
COMPREHENSIVE RECORD THAT
ELIMINATES EXCULPATORY
MOTIVATIONS OR EXPLANATIONS. THE
PROBLEM IS THAT THIS IS AN
EXCEPTIONALLY NARROW IMPEACHMENT
RESTING ON THE THINNEST POSSIBLE
EVIDENTIARY RECORD. EVEN UNDER
THE MOST FLEXIBLE MODEL THERE
REMAINED AN EXPECTATION THAT
IMPEACHMENT COULD BE USED OR
BASED ON PRESUMPTION OR
SPECULATION ON KEY ELEMENTS. THE
UNDERLYING ALLEGATION COULD
NOT, COULD BE NONCRIMINAL THE
EARLY ENGLISH IMPEACHMENT
FOLLOWED A FORMAT SIMILAR TO
CRIMINAL CHARGE TRIAL INCLUDING
CALLING OF WITNESSES AND ALL THE
REST. HE SAID THE HISTORY OF
AMERICAN PRESIDENTIAL
IMPEACHMENT SHOWS RESTRAINT EVEN
WHEN THERE ARE SUBSTANTIVE
COMPLAINTS AGAINST THE CONDUCT
OF PRESIDENTS. SOME
OF OUR GREATEST PRESIDENTS COULD
HAVE BEEN IMPEACHED FOR ACTS IN
VIOLATION OF THEIR
CONSTITUTIONAL OATH OF OFFICE
BUT IT DIDN'T HAPPEN BECAUSE
COOLER HEADS PREVAILED
UNDER CONGRESS. THIS MISUSE
PROFESSOR TURLEY CONTINUES, THIS
MISUSE HAS BEEN PLAYING DURING
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
MEMBERS HAVE CALLED FOR REMOVAL
BASED ON A MYRIAD OF OBJECTIONS
AGAINST THIS PRESIDENT, AL GREEN
OF TEXAS FILED A RESOLUTION FOR
IMPEACHMENT AFTER
TRUMP CALLED FOR
PLAYERS KNEELING DURING THE
NATIONAL ANTHEM TO BE FIRED.
COME ON. YOU DON'T LIKE HIS
POLITICAL POSITIONS, GREAT BUT
YOU CAN'T IMPEACH A PRESIDENT
BECAUSE YOU DON'T LIKE HIM.
THAT'S NOT HOW THIS SYSTEM
WORKS. WE ARE IN A
CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC. THERE
ARE RULES. THERE ARE STANDARDS.
YOU DON'T GET TO MAKE THAT
DECISION. THE VOTERS DO.
WE HAVE AN ELECTION COMING UP IN
ABOUT 11 MONTHS. LET THE PEOPLE
DECIDE. DON'T PUT YOURSELVES IN
THEIR PLACE. YOU DON'T HAVE THE
RIGHT TO DO IT. YOU'RE NOT
FOLLOWING THE PROPER PROCEDURE.
YOU'RE NOT DOING THIS THE RIGHT
WAY. IT'S A RARELY USED DEVICE
IN OUR HISTORY. IT IS SUPPOSED
TO BE. PROFESSOR TURLEY ENDED
THIS WAY. HE SAID, QUOTE,
DESPITE MY DISAGREEMENT WITH
MANY OF PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
POLICIES AND STATEMENTS,
IMPEACHMENT WAS NEVER INTENDED
TO BE USED AS A MIDTERM
CORRECTIVE OPTION FOR A DIVISIVE
OR UNPOPULAR LEADER. WE GET IT.
YOU
DON'T LIKE HIM.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN BANISH
HIM FROM THE MARKETPLACE. YOU
CAN'T SEND HIM OUT OF HIS
BUSINESSES AND SAY HE CAN'T HOLD
A POSITION OF HONOR OR TRUST.
YOU DON'T GET THE RIGHT TO DO
THAT. THE PEOPLE OF THIS COUNTRY
DO. WE LIVE IN A REPUBLIC. I'M
JUST SICK OF THIS. I GOT BACK
FORGET I DON'T YIELD BACK. I
YIELD TO THE GENTLEMAN, MR.
JORDAN. I'VE GOT 30 SECONDS.
>> THANK YOU. IN 2016 THE
DEMOCRATS HAD THE INSURANCE
POLICY. PETR.
>>> LISA PAGE WAS THEIR DEAL IN
2016. THE FBI. 2020, IT IS
IMPEACHMENT. 2020 THEY'RE GOING
TO USE IMPEACHMENT. INSURANCE
POLICY DIDN'T WORK IN 2016.
IMPEACHMENT IS NOT GOING TO WORK
IN 2020 BECAUSE THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE APPRECIATE WHAT THIS
PRESIDENT IS GETTING DONE ON
THEIR BEHALF. I YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
ANYBODY ELSE?
>> DETERMINE?
>> WHAT PURPOSE?
>> MOTION TO STRIKE
THE LAST WORDS.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THANK YOU. IT TRULY IS
AMAZING. WE'VE HEARD OVER AND
OVER THAT THIS WAS ALL ABOUT THE
BIDENS. ALL ABOUT GETTING
INFORMATION ON PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATE, BUT IF YOU LOOK AT
WHAT
THE PRESIDENT SAID, HE'S TALKING
ABOUT WE'VE BEEN THROUGH THIS
COUNTRY, OUR COUNTRY HAS BEEN
THROUGH A LOT. AND UKRAINE KNOWS
A LOT ABOUT IT. I WOULD LIKE YOU
TO FIND OUT WHAT HAPPENED WITH
THIS WHOLE SITUATION WITH
UKRAINE. THEY SAY CRAP STRIKE.
IT'S NEWS TO ME BUT MY DEMOCRAT
FRIENDS WILL KNOW BETTER, I
DIDN'T KNOW BIDEN WAS INVOLVED
WITH CROWD STRIKE. I DIDN'T KNOW
HE WAS INVOLVED WITH THE DNC
SERVER BEING HACKED. I DIDN'T
KNOW THAT WAS PART OF HIS THING
BUT THAT'S WHAT THE PRESIDENT
IS ASKING ABOUT. BECAUSE
THERE HAS BEEN INFORMATION THAT
THERE WERE PEOPLE IN UKRAINE
THAT KNEW SOMETHING ABOUT THAT.
AND THAT'S WHAT HE'S ASKING
ABOUT. SO I APPRECIATE THE
REVELATION FROM OUR FRIENDS
ACROSS THE AISLE BIDEN WAS IN
THE MIDDLE OF ALL THAT. AND THEN
SAID I GUESS YOU HAVE ONE OF
YOUR WEALTHY PEOPLE, THE SERVER
THEY SAY UKRAINE HAS IT. AGAIN,
I DIDN'T KNOW BIDEN WAS ALL IN
UP TO HIS EYEBALLS IN THAT. BUT
THERE WERE A LOT OF THINGS THAT
WENT
ON. THE WHOLE SITUATION. AND I
THINK YOUR SURROUNDING YOURSELF
WITH SOME OF THE SAME PEOPLE. I
WOULD LIKE TO HAVE THE ATTORNEY
GENERAL CALL YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE
AND I COULD GET TO THE BOTTOM OF
IT. SO THAT WAS THE WHOLE THING
ABOUT
THE 2016 ELECTION. BUT ACCORDING
TO OUR FRIENDS, BIDEN WAS IN THE
MIDDLE OF ALL OF THIS MESS. SO
ANYWAY IT'S INTERESTING. BUT MY
FRIEND FROM OHIO HAS A BRILLIANT
AMENDMENT. THEY SAY IT'S NOT
PERSONAL. THAT THIS ISN'T JUST
ABOUT AN ELECTION. THAT THIS IS
TRYING TO UNDO THE UNFAIRNESS OF
THE PRIOR ELECTION. EVEN THOUGH
IT TURNS OUT THERE WAS NO RUSH
AND COLLUSION. AND IT SOUNDS
LIKE THAT THERE WAS DESPITE WHAT
THE MEDIA IS SAYING THAT WE KNOW
THE UKRAINIAN AMBASSADOR CAME
OUT LAMBASTING TRUMP. CLEARLY
THAT THE WOULD NOT HAVE
BEEN DONE WITHOUT
OFFICIAL OKAY. THEY WERE ALL IN
FOR HILLARY CLINTON. THAT'S WHY
IT WAS REPORTED THAT THEY WERE
FIGURING AFTER THE ELECTION THAT
TRUMP WON MAYBE WE BETTER TRY TO
WARM UP TO TRUMP. BUT THERE'S
BEEN SO MUCH MADE OF THE FACT
THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID NOT ASK
THE FORMER CORRUPT
ADMINISTRATION FOR HELP IN
ROOTING OUT CORRUPTION. THAT IS
JUST ALMOST UNFATHOMABLE THAT
THAT POINT WOULD CONTINUE TO BE
MADE ALL DAY TODAY. IN 2019, YOU
HAD THE ELECTION OF A MAN IN
UKRAINE, ZELENSKY, THAT SAID HE
WAS GOING
TO FIGHT CORRUPTION. AND
PRESIDENT TRUMP HEARD FROM OUR
OWN PEOPLE WE THINK HE IS
SINCERE. WE REALLY THINK HE'S
GOING TO TRY TO FIGHT
CORRUPTION. SO OF COURSE THIS IS
THE FIRST TIME THAT HE TALKS TO
UKRAINIAN LEADER BECAUSE HE KNEW
HE COULDN'T TRUST THE OTHER
ONES. THEY WERE SUPPORTING
HILLARY CLINTON. THEY WERE
CORRUPT. WHY WOULD HE TALK TO
THEM ABOUT HELPING ROOT OUT THE
CORRUPTION? SO TO SAY THIS WAS
ALL ABOUT BIDEN FOR
HEAVEN SAKE? THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
BUT MY FRIEND FROM OHIO'S
AMENDMENT PUTS OUR FRIENDS TO
THE TEST. IS IT REALLY ABOUT
TRYING TO CORRECT WHAT YOU SAY
WAS AN UNFAIR ELECTION WHICH WE
KNOW NOW
FROM THE HOROWITZ REPORT
IT WAS UNFAIR BUT IT WAS FROM
THE DEMOCRATS' SIDE? FROM THE
TRUMP HATER SIDE. IF THAT'S
REALLY THE CASE, THEN LET'S JUST
STRIKE THE PART THAT SAYS HE
CAN'T EVER RUN FOR OFFICE AGAIN
OR BE REELECTED AGAIN. RIGHT?
WOULDN'T THAT HELP SOME OF YOUR
VULNERABLE DEMOCRATS IF YOU MADE
IT MORE REASONABLE LIKE THAT? OR
DO YOU WANT TO CONTINUE TO
PERSIST IN MAKING IT SO PERSONAL
THAT IT IS WALK OFF THE PLANK
TIME FOR ANYBODY THAT WANTS TO
TRY TO BE REASONABLE ABOUT
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE? SO WE WILL
SEE. BUT IT'S A GOOD AMENDMENT.
I WOULD ENCOURAGE MY COLLEAGUES
ON BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE. HELP
SOME OF YOUR VULNERABLE PEOPLE
OUT. VOTE FOR MR. JORDAN'S
AMENDMENT. YOU'LL BE BETTER OFF.
THE COUNTRY WILL BE BETTER OFF.
I FEEL SURE HE WILL BE
REELECTED. AND THE SCARY PART
FOR ME IS THAT BAR HAS BEEN SET
SO LOW I AM REALLY AFRAID NO
MATTER WHAT PARTY IS IN THE
WHITE HOUSE IF THERE'S AN
OPPOSING PARTY IN CONGRESS ARE
GOING TO USE THIS TACTIC TO TRY
TO TAKE THEM DOWN. ONE SILVER
LINING, IT'S BEEN HARD TO KNOW
WHO ARE THE DEEP STATE PEOPLE
WERE ESPECIALLY IN THE STATE
DEPARTMENT. BY FRIENDS GOING
THROUGH THIS, WE NOW KNOW WHO
THE PEOPLE ARE
THAT DON'T WANT THE SWAMP
DRAINED AND WE CAN DEAL WITH
THAT. I YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK. I
RECOGNIZE MYSELF. I RECOGNIZE
MYSELF. I'M SORRY. I RECOGNIZE
--
>> FOR WHAT PURPOSE DOES MR.
SWALWELL YIELD RECOGNITION?
>> I YIELD TO THE CHAIRMAN.
>> THANK YOU. IMPEACHMENT WAS
PUT INTO THE CONSTITUTION
BECAUSE THE FRAMERS RECOGNIZED
THAT A PRESIDENT MIGHT ARISE WHO
POSED SUCH A THREAT
TO THE COUNTRY TO OUR DEMOCRATIC
SYSTEM AND OUR FREE ELECTIONS
THAT WE COULDN'T WAIT TILL THE
NEXT ELECTION TO CURE IT. THAT'S
WHY IMPEACHMENT WAS PUT INTO THE
CONSTITUTION. LET'S LOOK AT,
WE'VE HEARD A LOT OF VERY
DISTRACTING FACTS ABOUT WHAT
HUNTER BIDEN MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE
DONE ABOUT ALL KINDS OF THINGS
OF WHAT OUR MEMBERS MAY HAVE
SAID THREE OR FOUR YEARS AGO.
ALL OF THAT IS IRRELEVANT.
WHAT'S RELEVANT IS THAT THERE
ARE AMPLE FACTS DEMONSTRATING
THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP PUT
HIS PERSONAL INTERESTS ABOVE THE
INTERESTS OF THE COUNTRY AND
CITIZENS IN THE CONSTITUTION.
THIS IS THE HIGHEST OF
CONSTITUTIONAL CRIMES. AND
ABUSE OF POWER. ABUSE OF POWER
IS THE PREEMINENT CRIME WHICH
THE FRAMERS EVEN IN THE
FEDERALIST PAPERS TALKED ABOUT
AS HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS
FOR THE CONSTITUTION, FOR THE
PURPOSE OF IMPEACHMENT. IN
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S ABUSE OF
POWER, HE DID IT IN TWO WAYS.
NUMBER 1, HE ENDANGERED OUR FREE
ELECTIONS. BY INVITING FOREIGN
POWERS TO INTERFERE TO INFLUENCE
OUR ELECTIONS TWICE. HE INVITED
THE RUSSIANS IN 2016. REMEMBER
IF YOU'RE LISTENING, PLEASE FIND
THE E-MAILS. THAT WAS A DIRECT
SOLICITATION AND THE FACT THEY
TRIED TO HACK INTO THE E-MAILS
OF THE DEMOCRATS THAT VERY
NIGHT. AND THEN HE TRIED TO
COVER IT UP. AND THEN FOR 2020,
HE INVITED IN, HE ASKED THE
UKRAINIANS TO ANNOUNCE
THE BOGUS INVESTIGATION OF THE
PERSON HE PERCEIVED AS HIS MAJOR
POLITICAL OPPONENT IN THE 2020
ELECTION. AND BASICALLY
ADMITTED, MICK MULVANEY SAID
WE DID IT.
THE PRESIDENT IS ON THE
TRANSCRIPT, SHOWS VERY CLEARLY
THAT HE DID IT. THE
CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE WITHHELD
AIDE SHOWS VERY CLEARLY IT WAS A
QUID PRO
QUO. YES, WE KNOW THAT
EVENTUALLY THE AIDE WAS RELEASED
AND HE SAID, THE PRESIDENT SAID
THERE WAS NO QUID PRO QUO. BOTH
OF THOSE THINGS HAPPENED AFTER
HE WAS CAUGHT AND IT WAS PUBLIC.
OBVIOUSLY, THE BANK ROBBER
CAUGHT IN THE ACT AFTERWARDS
SAYS I DIDN'T MEAN TO ROB THE
BANK. BUT HE WAS IN FACT CAUGHT
IN THE ACT. HE TRIED TO COVER IT
UP AGAIN. HE OBSTRUCTED CONGRESS
BY DIRECTING
THE ENTIRE ADMINISTRATION
, EVERYBODY IN THE EXECUTIVE
BRANCH, DO NOT ANSWER ANY
QUESTIONS. DO NOT TESTIFY. DO
NOT GET ANY DOCUMENTS.
FUNDAMENTALLY DIFFERENT FROM
WHAT OTHER PRESIDENTS HAVE DONE
ON OCCASION WHICH IS
TO OPPOSE CERTAIN SUBPOENAS AND
GROUNDS OF PRIVILEGE. HE DIDN'T
ASSERT ANY PRIVILEGE. HE JUST
SAID NOBODY SHOULD COOPERATE. I
WILL DECIDE WHETHER IT'S A VALID
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY. I WILL TAKE
THE FUNCTION OF
CONGRESS TO MYSELF. BECAUSE I
DON'T RECOGNIZE CONGRESS' RIGHT.
THAT IS A THREAT TO THE
SEPARATION OF POWERS AND A
THREAT TO OUR LIBERTY. IT'S
NOTEWORTHY THAT MEMBERS OF THE
MINORITY SPEAK ABOUT EVERY OTHER
SUBJECT BUT HARDLY BOTHER TO
DISPUTE THE FACTS OF THE CASE
WHICH ARE CLEAR. THAT'S WHY
WE'VE HEARD SO MUCH TODAY WITH
DISTRACTING AND IRRELEVANT
ISSUES. EVEN I WOULD SAY OTHER
THINGS. IT IS CLEAR THAT IT IS
AN ABUSE OF POWER FOR THE
PRESIDENT OR ANY MEMBER OF
CONGRESS FOR THAT MATTER TO
CONDITION OFFICIAL ACTIONS ON
THEIR OWN PERSONAL GAIN. AND I
WAS STARTLED, I WAS STARTLED TO
HEAR MR. RATCLIFFE SAY, I WAS
IMPRESSED BY HIS HONESTY BUT
STARTLED TO HEAR HIM SAY THAT IT
IS OKAY FOR A PRESIDENT TO
INVITE FOREIGN INTERFERENCE
IN OUR ELECTIONS. IT IS OKAY FOR
A PRESIDENT TO CHEAT AND TRY TO
RIG THE ELECTION. THE URGENCY OF
THIS IMPEACHMENT, THE REASON WHY
WE CANNOT WAIT FOR THE NEXT
ELECTION, IS THAT THE PRESIDENT
HAS
TRIED TO RIGOLETS, LAST ELECTION
AND THIS ONE TOO AND HE'S
REPEATING IT. HE GOES OUT ON THE
FLOOR AND HE SAYS CHINA WANTED
TO COME IN AND TRY TO RIG THE
ELECTION. HE HAD MR. GIULIANI IN
THE UKRAINE PAST WEEK TRYING TO
ENLIST ASSISTANCE TO
RIG THE ELECTION.
THE PRESIDENT MUST BE IMPEACHED.
TO SAFEGUARD THE SECURITY OF OUR
ELECTIONS, TO SAFEGUARD THE
SEPARATIONS OF POWERS, BOTH
OF WHICH ARE ESSENTIAL TO
SAFEGUARD OUR LIBERTIES. I THINK
THE GENTLEMAN FOR GILDING. I
YIELD MY TIME BACK TO HIM.
>> SINCE I'VE BEEN REFERENCED,
MAY I RESPOND?
>> I DO NOT YIELD MY TIME.
>> MR. SWALWELL'S TIME.
>> I
DO NOT YIELD.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> DON'T WANT TO CORRECT A FALSE
STATEMENT?
>> WHO ELSE SEEKS RECOGNITION?
>> FOR WHAT PURPOSE --
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> I YIELD TO THE GENTLEMAN FROM
TEXAS.
>> I APPRECIATE MY COLLEAGUE.
YIELDING TO CORRECT THE RECORD
WHERE THE CHAIRMAN JUST MADE A
FALSE STATEMENT. SAID THAT I
SAID THAT IT WAS OKAY TO SOLICIT
FOREIGN INTERFERENCE IN AN
ELECTION. I NEVER USED THE WORD
INTERFERENCE.
>> OKAY.
>> I SAID FOREIGN INVOLVEMENT IN
INVESTIGATIONS. AND I USED AS AN
EXAMPLE FOR THAT CAR THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION. JUST A FEW HOURS
AGO YOU
MAY NOT REMEMBER, I CAN'T
BELIEVE WE ARE SITTING HERE AT
THE END
OF THIS, IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IN
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
AND I LOOK AT HOW ALL
OF THIS STARTED. STARTED WITH A
PHONE CALL, A CONGRATULATORY
PHONE CALL BETWEEN TWO
PRESIDENTS. AND THE
VERY NEXT DAY, SOMEONE CONTACTED
SOMEONE AND A WEEK LATER,
SOMEONE WALKED INTO THE OFFICE
OF CHAIRMAN SCHIFF. AND THAT
PERSON WALKED OUT A WEEK LATER,
A WHISTLEBLOWER, WENT TO THE
INSPECTOR GENERAL, AND FILED A
COMPLAINT WHERE THEY FALSELY
CLAIMED THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD
MADE A DEMAND OF PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY. THEY MADE A FALSE
STATEMENT IN WRITING AND THEN
THEY MADE A FALSE STATEMENT
VERBALLY. IN THE COURSE OF WHAT
SHOULD HAVE BEEN AN
INVESTIGATION. WE SIT HERE TODAY
ABOUT TO VOTE ON IMPEACHING A
PRESIDENT WHERE NEITHER THE
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, THE
HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE OR
ANY HOUSE COMMITTEE WHERE THE
DEMOCRATS ARE IN CHARGE HAS
ASKED A SINGLE QUESTION OF A
SINGLE WITNESS ABOUT HOW THIS
STARTED. BECAUSE YOU GO BACK TO
THAT PHONE CALL. AND THE TWO
PEOPLE THAT WERE ON IT, THE ONLY
TWO PEOPLE THAT KNOW NOT JUST
WHAT THEY SAID BUT WHAT THEY
MEANT, WHEN THEY SAID IT, AND
THEY BOTH SAID IT WAS
A GREAT CALL. SO FIRST LET ME
SAY I'M SORRY. LET ME SAY I'M
SORRY TO THE PRESIDENT OF
UKRAINE. I'M SORRY THAT AS A
RESULT OF ALL OF THIS YOU'VE
BEEN LABELED A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR
BY MY DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES. AND
I'M SORRY THAT THEY PRETEND TO
CARE ABOUT THE UKRAINE BUT
THEY'VE JUST MADE IT INCREDIBLY
HARD AND MORE DIFFICULT FOR YOUR
COUNTRY EVER TO GET MILITARY
ASSISTANCE. I'M ALSO SORRY TO
THE OTHER PERSON THAT WAS ON
THAT CALL, WHO KNEW WHAT HE SAID
WHEN HE MEANT
IT. PRESIDENT TRUMP. I'M SORRY
, PRESIDENT TRUMP, THAT YOU'VE
TRIED TO KEEP EVERY PROMISE,
YOU'VE GIVEN US A GREAT ECONOMY,
AND YOU DID IT AGAINST
INCREDIBLE HEADWINDS WHERE YOU
WERE FALSELY ACCUSED OF TREASON,
YOU WERE ACCUSED OF BEING A
RUSSIAN AGENT. BY THE FOLKS IN
THIS ROOM. AND WHEN THAT FAILED,
WE SIT HERE TODAY, BECAUSE NOW
THEY ARE FRAMING YOU BECAUSE YOU
SAID I'D LIKE YOU TO DO US A
FAVOR. BECAUSE OUR COUNTRY HAS
BEEN
THROUGH A LOT.
MY LAST APOLOGY IS TO THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE. I'M SORRY THAT
YOU'VE HAD TO VIEW THIS
SPECTACLE. I'M SORRY TO THE 63
MILLION OF YOU THAT ARE SO
DEPLORABLE THAT AS A RESULT OF
THIS YOU'RE BEING TOLD YOUR
VOTES DON'T
COUNT. I YIELD BACK.
>> I YIELD BACK AS WELL.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
DOES ANYONE ELSE SEEK
RECOGNITION?
>> RECOGNITION.
>> MR. RESCHENTHALER.
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> WE'VE BEEN HERE A WHILE. AND
I DO WANT IT TO BE NOTED I HAVE
SEVERAL OTHER AMENDMENTS FOR
TONIGHT BUT SPEAKING ON THIS
AMENDMENT, SPEAKING IN SUPPORT
OF MY COLLEAGUE JIM JORDAN'S
AMENDMENT, I THINK THAT WE ARE
GETTING WAY TOO CAUGHT UP IN THE
WEEDS IN PARTICULAR. WE'VE GOT
TO ZOOM OUT AND THINK ABOUT WHY
WE ARE HERE. WE ARE HERE BECAUSE
THE DEMOCRATS AGAIN ARE
TERRIFIED THAT THE PRESIDENT IS
GOING TO WIN REELECTION. LET'S
GO THROUGH A LIST OF HIS
ACCOMPLISHMENTS. DONALD TRUMP
SIGNED THE LARGEST SCALE
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM
LEGISLATION IN DECADES. AND I
SHOULD ADD IF IT WEREN'T FOR
THIS WASTE OF TIME WITH
IMPEACHMENT, WE COULD BE WORKING
ON MORE BIPARTISAN CRIMINAL
JUSTICE REFORM PARTICULARLY
CRIMINAL JUSTICE BILL CALLED
CLEAN SLATE THAT WOULD EXPUNGE
NONVIOLENT FELONY OFFENSES FOR
HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF
INDIVIDUALS,
LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER IS WORKING
WITH ME ON THAT. SHE'S A
DEMOCRAT AS YOU KNOW. I DIGRESS
AGAIN. DONALD TRUMP IS ALSO
ENSURING OUR WAR FIGHTERS TO BE
WAR FIGHTERS. I WAS A DEFENSE
ATTORNEY IN THE NAVY. I DEFENDED
A NAVY S.E.A.L. WHO WAS FALSELY
ACCUSED OF COVERING UP ABUSE
ON A WELL-KNOWN TERRORIST. I CAN
TELL YOU THAT WHEN OUR WAR
FIGHTERS ARE DRAGGED INTO
THE COURT-MARTIAL PROCESS, THEY
HAVE TO CONSTANTLY SECOND-GUESS
THEMSELVES ON THE BATTLEFIELD
AND FINALLY WE HAVE A PRESIDENT
THAT IS RECOGNIZING THE WAR
FIGHTERS SHOULD BE WAR FIGHTERS
AND THEY SHOULD BE FOCUSED ON
CAPTURING AND KILLING TARGETS.
NOT WORRYING ABOUT WRONGFUL
PROSECUTION BACK AT HOME.
ADDITIONALLY THE PRESIDENT HAS
PLACED TWO CONSERVATIVE JUSTICES
ON THE SUPREME COURT WILL UPHOLD
THE CONSTITUTION. ADDITIONALLY
UNDER THIS ADMINISTRATION WE ARE
SEEING THE NATURAL GAS
RENAISSANCE. COME TO WESTERN
PENNSYLVANIA AND SEE HOW THE
ECONOMY IS ROARING BECAUSE WE
ARE FINALLY TAKING ADVANTAGE OF
THE NATURAL RESOURCES WE HAVE.
WE CAN USE THIS NATURAL GAS FOR
ENERGY, FOR MANUFACTURING, WE
CAN USE
IT FOR PETROCHEMICALS. IT IS
FANTASTIC WE ARE FINALLY TAKING
ADVANTAGE OF THE NATURAL
RESOURCES WE HAVE. ADDITIONALLY
THIS PRESIDENT HAS DONE A
LOT FOR MANUFACTURING.
PARTICULARLY THE STEEL INDUSTRY
WHICH IS COMING BACK AND COME TO
WESTERN PENNSYLVANIA. STEAL
MANUFACTURING IS COMING BACK.
DONALD TRUMP IS ALSO INVESTING
AND FOCUSED IN OUR BORDER
SECURITY AND
BUILDING A WALL. UNDER THIS
PRESIDENT'S LEADERSHIP, WE ARE
ENHANCING OUR NATIONAL SECURITY
AND GOING AFTER TERRORISTS AND
OTHERS WHO WISH TO DO US HARM.
BUT AGAIN WE ARE HERE BECAUSE
THE DEMOCRATS DON'T WANT TO TALK
ABOUT THE RED-HOT TRUMP ECONOMY.
THEY DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT
THE LOWEST UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IN
50 YEARS. WE ARE HERE BECAUSE
DEMOCRATS DON'T WANT TO TALK
ABOUT HOW PRESIDENT TRUMP IS
FINALLY HOLDING CHINA
ACCOUNTABLE FOR CURRENCY MILLER
CREATION, DUMPING STEAL AND
ALUMINUM IN AMERICAN MARKETS,
SOMEONE IS
FINALLY HOLDING CHINA
ACCOUNTABLE FOR IP THEFT AND
FORCED IP TRANSFER. THAT'S
PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO
IS DOING THAT. PRESIDENT TRUMP
IS ALSO RENEGOTIATING TRADE
DEALS TO BENEFIT AMERICAN
WORKERS AND FARMERS. WE
SHOULD HAVE PASSED USMCA MONTHS
AGO BUT AGAIN WE HAVEN'T DONE IT
BECAUSE WE ARE DEALING WITH
IMPEACHMENT. THE PRESIDENT HAS
WORKED ON FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS
WITH JAPAN. HE WORKED ON FREE
TRADE AGREEMENTS ACROSS SOUTH
AMERICA. PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS
ALSO REDUCED REGULATION. THERE'S
ONLY ONE WAY TO INCREASE REVENUE
AND
THAT'S TO INCREASE GDP. THERE'S
ONLY TWO WAYS TO INCREASE GDP.
YOU CUT TAXES OR REDUCE
REGULATIONS. YOU CAN DO BOTH.
THIS PRESIDENT SUPPORTS BOTH.
THAT'S WHY YOU HAVE SUCH
A STRONG ECONOMY. BUT THE
DEMOCRATS DON'T WANT TO TALK
ABOUT THIS. SO INSTEAD WE ARE
TALKING ABOUT IMPEACHMENT.
BECAUSE IT DISTRACTS FROM THE
AGENDA. WHICH INCLUDES SUCH
LUDICROUS IDEAS AS
BANNING AIRPLANES, GETTING
ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS
TAXPAYER-FUNDED HEALTHCARE,
ABOLISHING OR DEFUNDING I.C.E.,
BANNING FRACKING, BANNING FOSSIL
FUELS, GOOD LUCK MAKING A
CELL PHONE WITHOUT
PETROCHEMICALS. THEY ALSO DON'T
WANT TO TALK ABOUT TAKING
PRIVATE HEALTHCARE AWAY FROM
AMERICAN CITIZENS. SO AGAIN
THAT'S REALLY WHY WE ARE HERE.
THIS WHOLE PROCESS IS A
DISTRACTION. IT'S AN ATTEMPT TO
HIDE A RADICAL FAR LEFT AGENDA.
IT'S ALSO AN ATTEMPT TO HIDE THE
FACTS. THE FACTS INDICATE THAT
THERE WAS NO QUID PRO QUO AND
THERE WAS NO OBSTRUCTION OF
CONGRESS. WITH THAT I YIELD.
>> THE
GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
MR. CICILLINE?
>> I MOVE TO STRIKE.
>> THE GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> IT SEEMS IMPORTANT TO REMIND
MY COLLEAGUES WHY WE ARE HERE.
OF COURSE WE HAVE POLICY
DISAGREEMENTS WITH THE
PRESIDENT, THIS IS NOT ABOUT A
POLICY DISAGREEMENTS. THIS IS
ABOUT AN OBLIGATION WE HAVE TO
PROTECT AND DEFEND THE
CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED
STATES. WE ALL BEGAN OUR TERM OF
OFFICE BY RAISING HER RIGHT HAND
AND PROMISING TO PROTECT AND
DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION AND WE
ARE HERE BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES ENGAGED IN
A SCHEME TO DRAG A FOREIGN POWER
INTO OUR ELECTIONS TO CORRUPT
OUR ELECTIONS FOR HIS OWN
PERSONAL BENEFIT AND HE USED
HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
OF TAXPAYER MONEY TO ATTEMPT TO
ACHIEVE THAT OBJECTIVE. THINK
ABOUT THIS. THERE IS NOTHING
MORE SACRED THAN PROTECTING THE
RIGHT TO FREE AND FAIR ELECTIONS
IN THIS COUNTRY. IT'S THE HEART
AND SOUL
OF OUR DEMOCRACY.
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES REACHED OUT TO A FOREIGN
POWER IN AN ATTEMPT TO DRAG THEM
INTO CORRUPTING OUR ELECTIONS TO
HELP HIM CHEAT AND WIN IN THE
ELECTION IN 2020. AND SO WHEN MY
REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES SAY PEOPLE
ARE WORRIED ABOUT THE ELECTION
WE ARE WORRIED. BUT THE PERSON
WHO IS REALLY WORRIED ABOUT THE
OUTCOME IS CLEARLY PRESIDENT
TRUMP. BECAUSE HE IS REACHING
OUT TO A FOREIGN POWER ASKING
THEM TO HELP HIM CHEAT IN THE
2020 ELECTION. WE HAVE A SOLEMN
RESPONSIBILITY TO STAND UP AND
PROTECT OUR DEMOCRACY AND
PREVENT THIS
PRESIDENT OR ANY PRESIDENT FROM
ATTEMPTING TO CORRUPT OUR
ELECTIONS. SO IF WE DON'T DO
THAT, IF WE ALLOW PRESIDENT
TRUMP TO GET AWAY WITH TRYING TO
CHEAT IN 2020, PARTICULARLY IN
LIGHT OF WHAT HE DID IN 2016, WE
WON'T HAVE A DEMOCRACY. WE'LL
HAVE A KING
OR A MONARCH. THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE WILL LOSE THEIR VOICE AND
THEIR RIGHT TO
SELF-DETERMINATION AND TO ELECT
THEIR OWN LEADERS. SO MY
REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES SHOULD
REMEMBER THAT TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION OFFICIALS, MANY
OF THEM SAW THIS SCHEME AND
BECAME ALARMED. THE PRESIDENT'S
OWN AMBASSADOR ESTHER BOLTON
CALLED IT A
DRUG  DEAL. DR. FIONA HILL,
ANOTHER TRUMP ADMINISTRATION
OFFICIAL, CALLED IT A DOMESTIC
POLITICAL
ERRANDS. THE INVESTIGATION BEGAN
BY THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE.
17 WITNESSES, 100 HOURS OF
TESTIMONY, 260 TEXT MESSAGES.
TRANSCRIPTS OF THE PRESIDENT'S
OWN WORDS ON THE CALL. E-MAILS
EXCHANGED BETWEEN HIGH-LEVEL
TRUMP OFFICIALS. AND WE KNOW THE
DIRECT EVIDENCE. THE PRESIDENT
PUT
THE THREE AMIGOS, SONDLAND,
PERRY AND VOLKER CHARGE OF THIS.
THE PRESIDENT REFUSED TO HAVE A
MEETING OR TO RELEASE THE FUNDS
PUT ON HOLD UNTIL A PUBLIC
ANNOUNCEMENT OF A BOGUS
INVESTIGATION AGAINST HIS CHIEF
POLITICAL RIVAL. HE TOLD THE
VICE PRESIDENT DON'T GO TO THE
INAUGURATION. SPOKE TO
AMBASSADOR SONDLAND AND SONDLAND
TESTIFIED IT WAS A QUID PRO QUO.
THE PRESIDENT HIRED HIS PERSONAL
LAWYER
RUDY GIULIANI TO LEAD THIS
EFFORT. HE SMEARED AMBASSADOR
YOVANOVITCH AND FIRED HER
BECAUSE SHE STOOD IN THE WAY.
SHE WAS AN ANTICORRUPTION
CHAMPION AND SHE STOOD IN THE
WAY OF THE PRESIDENT'S SCHEMES.
AND THE PRESIDENT AND THOSE
ACTING ON HIS BEHALF DEMANDED
THAT ZELENSKY PUBLICLY ANNOUNCE
INVESTIGATIONS OF HIS CHIEF
POLITICAL RIVAL. IT SHOULD BE
REMEMBERED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
SHOULD KNOW THAT PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY, THE EVIDENCE IS FILLED
WITH EXAMPLES OF TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION OFFICIALS WHO
SAY THINGS LIKE PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY IS SENSITIVE ABOUT
UKRAINE BEING TAKEN SERIOUSLY.
NOT MERELY AS AN INSTRUMENT IN
WASHINGTON DOMESTIC REELECTION
POLITICS. BUT AMBASSADOR TAYLOR
HAS A CALL WITH SONDLAND SAYING
DURING OUR CALL SONDLAND TRIED
TO EXPLAIN TO ME THAT PRESIDENT
TRUMP IS A BUSINESSMAN AND ABOUT
TO SIGN A CHECK AS SOMEONE WHO
OWES HIM SOMETHING THE
BUSINESSMAN ASKED THAT PERSON TO
PAY UP BEFORE SIGNING THE CHECK
AND I ARGUE TO VOLKER AND
TAYLOR, DONALD TRUMP ISN'T OUT
ANYTHING BY THE UKRAINIANS. AND
I, QUOTE, IN HOLDING UP SECURITY
ASSISTANCE FOR DOMESTIC
POLITICAL GAIN, IS CRAZY. SO
THERE IS TREMENDOUS EVIDENCE IN
THE RECORD. THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES ATTEMPTED TO
LEVERAGE FOREIGN MILITARY
ASSISTANCE TO UKRAINE TO DRAG A
FOREIGN POWER TO CORRUPT OUR
ELECTIONS AND ALLOW HIM TO CHEAT
IN 2020.
C1
>> ANYONE ELSE SEEK RECOGNITION
ON THE AMENDMENT?
>> MR. ARMSTRONG
>> ARMSTRONG SEEKING
RECOGNITION.
>> MOVE TO STRIKE THE LAST WORD
>> GENTLEMEN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> I'M GOING GOING TO THE LAST
AMENDMENT AND PARTICULARLY THE
REMOVAL FROM OFFICE TO HOLD AND
ENJOY ANY OFFICE OF HONOR,
TRUST, OR PROFIT UNDER THE
UNITED STATES. AT NUMEROUS TIMES
DURING TODAY'S DEBATE MY FRIENDS
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE
HELD UP A POCKET CONSTITUTION
AND WAVED IT AROUND. I THINK
IT'S INTERESTING THAT NOBODY
READ FROM THAT, AND I WILL READ
FROM IT ARTICLE 1 SECTION 2
CLAUSE 5. THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CHOOSE
THEIR SPEAKER AND OTHER OFFICERS
AND SHALL HAVE THE SOLE POWER OF
IMPEACHMENT. ARTICLE 1, SECTION
2 DEALS WITH THE U.S. HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES. ARTICLE 1
SECTION 3 DEALS WITH THE SENATE.
THE SENATE SHALL HAVE THE SOLE
POWER TO TRIAL IMPEACHMENTS.
ARTICLE 1 SECTION 3 CLAUSE 6,
IMPEACHMENT WILL NOT EXTEND
FURTHER FROM REMOVAL FROM OFFICE
AND DISQUALIFICATION TO ENJOY
AND OFFICE OF HONOR, TRUST OR
PROFIT IN THE UNITED STATES.
ARTICLE 1, SECTION 3, CLAUSE 7.
THE LANGUAGE IN THIS BILL IS
OVERBROAD, GIVES THE U.S. HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES AND THIS
IMPEACHMENT ARTICLE MORE POWER
THAN THE INSTITUTION ALLOWS. WE
HAVE HEARD THROUGH THE COURSE OF
THIS INVESTIGATION WHEN WE HAVE
COMPLAIN BODY PROCESS, WHEN WE
HAVE TALKED ABOUT SECRECY, NOT
BEEN ABLE TO USE MINORITY RIGHT
THIS IS IS
AKIN TO A SPECIAL COUNSEL. ADAM
SCHIFF HAS REFERRED TO HIMSELF
AS
SPECIAL COUNSEL. WE ARE BECOMING
THE JUDGE, JURY, AND
EXECUTIONER. OFFICIALLY, WHAT
HAPPENS IN THE SENATE IS THERE
IS A 2/3 VOTE IF AN IMPEACHMENT
IS GRANTED. THEN A SIMPLE
MAJORITY IN WHICH TO SAY WHETHER
THEY WILL HOLD ANOTHER OFFICE.
WHILE THE HOUSE HAS THE SOLE
POWER OF IMPEACH, THE SENATE
PROVIDES, THE INSTITUTIONS
PROVIDES THAT THEY WILL HAVE A
--
>> I DON'T WANT TO GET INTO --
>> THE CONSTITUTION DESCRIBES
THE SENATE'S'S POWER, AND THE
DEMOCRAT ARTICLE WAS IMPEACHMENT
STATE THE PRESIDENT SHOULD BE
REMOVED FROM OFFICE AND
DISQUALIFIED TO HOLD FUTURE
OFFICE. THE HOUSE HAS NO
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY TO
INCLUDE THE LANGUAGE TO SUGGEST
THAT THE PRESIDENT SHOULD BE
REMOVED FROM OFFICE. AT BEST
IT'S UNNECESSARY AND AT WORST
IT'S OVERBROAD. TO INCLUDE THE
LANGUAGE THAT THE PRESIDENT
SHOULD BE DISQUALIFIED FROM
OFFICE IS PREJUDICIAL TO THE
CONSTITUTIONALLY DESCRIBED
PROCESS THAT THE SENATE WILL
TAKE UP. I AGREE WITH MY FRIEND
FROM OHIO AND OTHERS FROM MY
SIDE T SHOWS THE TRUE MOTIVES OF
THE SEPTEMBER. IT'S CIRCUMSTANCE
HOW THIS HAS GONE. IT STARTED IN
2016 AND NOW IN 2020 WE HAVE
COLLUSION, CONSPIRACY,
OBSTRUCTION, QUID PRO QUO,
BRIBERY, EXTORTION, ALL THESE
CRIMES AND WE COME TO THE
NEBULAS PART OF THIS. THERE ARE
SMART LAWYERS ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE CASE SO I DON'T IMAGINE
THIS IS AN OMISSION. WHAT WE ARE
TRULY DOING IS TAKING POWER AWAY
FROM THE UNITED STATES SENATE AT
THEIR SOLE DISCRETION. YOU HAVE
THE RIGHT TO PROCEED WITH THIS.
WE KNOW THIS. WE HAVE SEEN HOW
THIS HAS GONE. IT'S BEEN FAST
TRACKED AND RAILROADED SINCE DAY
ONE. AND YOU CAN EQUATE YOURSELF
TO A GRAND JURY, A SPECIAL
COUNSEL, AND AN INVESTIGATION
BUT YOU HAVE NO RIGHT AS THE
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO
BE JUDGE, JURY, AND EXECUTIONER.
YOU MAY SAY THIS LANGUAGE IS
RIDICULOUS BUT
I
THINK IT'S CONSTITUTIONAL. WITH
THAT, I YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
ANYONE ELSE SEEK TO BE
RECOGNIZED?
>> LAST WORD?
>> GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THANK YOU, MR. CHAIRMAN.
THERE WAS MUCH SAID THIS EVENING
FROM MY DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES,
OPINING FROM THE PRESIDENT'S
MOTIVE RATHER THAN LOOKING AT
HIS OPEN WORDS THEY SEEK TO
OPINE HIS MOTIVE RATHER THAN
LISTENING TO THE DIRECT
STATEMENTS FROM PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY THAT HE FELT NO
CONDITIONALITY AND NO PRESSURE.
BUT THIS AMENDMENT, THIS
AMENDMENT SHOWS THE TRUE MOTIVE
OF THE DEMOCRATS BECAUSE IT'S
NOT ABOUT SOME CLEANSING OF THE
OFFICE. IT'S NOT ABOUT SOME
RESTORATION OF NATIONAL
SECURITY. IF IT'S ABOUT NATIONAL
SECURITY, THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN
UP IN ARM WHEN IS PRESIDENT
OBAMA WITHHELD MILITARY AID TO
THE UKRANIANS BUT THEY WEREN'T.
IT'S ALL JUST A SHOW TO
DEMONSTRATE AN ATTACK
ON THE PRESIDENT. FOUR FACTS
NEVER CHANGED. PRESIDENT TRUMP
AND PRESIDENT ZELENSKY DENY
CONDITIONALITY. THE TRANSCRIPTS
SHOW NO QUID PRO QUO. UKRAINE
WAS NOT AWARE OF ANY DELAY IN
MILITARY AID AT THE OF THE CALL,
AND IT WAS DELIVERED. NOTHING
HAS CHANGED THOSE FOUR FACTS BUT
I DO WONDER IF WE HAD HAD THE
OPPORTUNITY TO HEAR WITNESSES
WHAT MORE WOULD WE HAVE LEARNED
BEYOND THAT? IF WE WOULD HAVE
BEEN ABLE TO CALL CHAIRMAN
SCHIFF AS WAY WITNESS MAYBE WE
WOULD HAVE LEARNED ABOUT HIS
CONTACT WITH THE WHISTLEBLOWER.
MAYBE WE COULD HAVE ASKED
CHAIRMAN SCHIFF WHY HE ENGAGED
IN A WEIRD THEATRICAL
PERFORMANCE ABOUT A TRANSCRIPT
THAT NEVER EXISTED. IT WAS JUST
A FAKE THING HE DID IN THE
INTELLIGENT COMMITTEE. MAYBE WE
COULD HAVE ASKED ABOUT HIS
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE
WHISTLEBLOWER. WE COULD HAVE
ASKED CHAIRMAN SCHIFF HIS REASON
FOR ADMITTING EXCULPATORY
EVIDENCE, WHETHER IT WAS HIS
DECISION OR SOMEONE ELSE'S
DECISION TO PUBLISH
CORRESPONDENCE AND
COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN THE
PRESIDENT'S PERSONAL LAWYER,
JOURNALISTS, AND EVEN A MEMBER
OF CONGRESS. WE COULD HAVE ALSO
LEARNED A LOT FROM THE
WHISTLEBLOWER. WE COULD HAVE
LEARNED ABOUT WHO THE MULTIPLE
SOURCES THAT WERE THEY SPOKE TO
AND WHETHER OR NOT IT WAS
ACCURATE, WHETHER OR NOT IT WAS
RELIABLE AND VERIFIABLE. WE
COULD HAVE ASKED THE
WHISTLEBLOWER WHY THE OUTREACH
TO CHAIRMAN SCHIFF'S STAFF,
WHETHER OR NOT IT WAS A TRULY A
SINCERE CONCERN OR A RESULT OF A
POLITICAL BIAS. WE COULD HAVE
ASKED THE WHISTLEBLOWER ABOUT
THE CONTACT WITH THE
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN. WE COULD
HAVE ASKED NELLY ORR A LOT OF
QUESTIONS, TOO. SHE WAS ON THE
WITNESS LIST. WE PROBABLY WANTED
TO KNOW FROM NELLY ORR HOW IS IT
ONE OF THE TOP PEOPLE FROM THE
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE HAS A
SPOUSE TO MOONLIGHT TO TRY AND
DIG UP DIRT ON A PRESIDENTIAL
CAMPAIGN AND SEE THE VERY DIRT
SHUTTLED INTO THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE AND
INJECTED INTO THE BLOODSTREAM OF
THEINTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE AND
ASKED NELLY ORR WHAT WAS ON THE
THUMB SHE GAVE TO HER HUSBAND.
WE WOULD HAVE HAD A LOT
OF
QUESTIONS FOR ALEXANDRA CHALUPA.
SHE WAS THE INTERMETIARY. WE
COULD ASKED WHOSE IDEA WAS IT TO
ASSIGN TO THE UKRAINE TO REPAIR
OUR ELECTIONS? WHOSE IDEA? WHO
FUNDED IT? IT WAS A DONOR, AN
ELECTED OFFICIAL THAT WAS TRYING
TO BRING UKRAINE INTO OUR
ELECTION? WE COULD ASKED WHAT
WERE YOU TALKING TO? WHAT LET
MES WERE
ENGAGED
IN TRYING TO  GET TRUMP
DEFEATED? WE HAD OP-EDS
ANIMATING THE PRESIDENT,
LEGITIMIZING HIS CONCERN THAT WE
OUGHT TO VERIFY ZELENSKY THAT HE
IS THE REAL DEAL THAT HE TURNED
OUT TO BE. I DON'T THINK WHAT WE
HAVE LEARNED FROM THESE HEARINGS
OTHER THAN THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE BEEN UNFAIR IN
THEIR PROSE, THAT THEY HAVE BEEN
UNABLE
TO EVIDENCE ANYTHING OTHER THAN
HEARSAY AND CONJECTURE. THAT'S
WHY THE HOUSE SAYS BRING
FORWARD ALL WITNESSES AND
EVIDENCE. IT'S CLEAR TO THE
PRESIDENT DID NOT DO SOMETHING
TO JUSTIFY THE IMPEACHMENT BUT I
THINK WE COULD HAVE DONE A LOT
MORE
TO FULFILL THE PRESIDENT'S
PROMISE TO DRAIN THE SWAMP IF WE
HAD CONTINUED.
>> I MOVE TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, I START BY
YIELDING TIME TO MY COLLEAGUE OF
CALIFORNIA.
>> THANK YOU. THERE IS A
DOCTRINE IF YOU CAN'T ARGUE THE
FACTS, YOU CAN'T ARGUE A LAW,
ARGUE A LOT. IN THE CONSTITUTION
IT HAS THE LANGUAGE IN THE
ARTICLES, AND I WOULD
LIKE TO READ THIS. WHERE
TZFOREWILLIAM JEFFERSON CLINTON
WAS FOUND TO BE REMOVED FROM
OFFICE, THE EXACT SAME LANGUAGE
THAT IS BEING COMPLAINED ABOUT
THIS EVENING WITH MR. TRUMP WAS
PUT INTO THE ARTICLES BY THE
REPUBLICANS RELATIVE TO MR.
CLINTON, AND I YIELD BACK WITH
THANKS.
>> THANK YOU TO MY COLLEAGUE
FROM CALIFORNIA. I JUST REMIND
YOU, IT WAS BROUGHT UP BY MY
COLLEAGUE FROM LOUISIANA THAT
THIS WAS EXTRAORDINARY LANGUAGE
TO GO AFTER DONALD TRUMP. THIS
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, WHEN AN
IMPEACHED JUDGE FROM LOUISIANA
WHICH MY COLLEAGUE IS VERY AWARE
OF, WENT OVER TO THE SENATE AND
WAS VOTED ON UNANIMOUSLY 96-0
HAD THE SAME EXACT LANGUAGE IN
IT. THERE IS NOTHING
EXTRAORDINARY ABOUT THE LANGUAGE
IN THIS. WHAT IS EXTRAORDINARY
IS THE GYMNASTICS AND HURDLES
THAT MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER
SIDE ARE GOING THROUGH TO MAKE
SURE THAT THEY THROW A WHOLE
BUNCH OF STUFF AT THE WALL AND
HOPE THEY CONFUSE THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE, HOPE THAT SOMETHING
STICKS. MY FRIEND ON THE OTHER
SIDE JUST MENTIONED THIS
PRESIDENT WANTED TO MAKE SURE
THAT THIS NEW UKRANIAN
ADMINISTRATION WAS NOT CORRUPT
LIKE THE LAST ONE. WELL, HE GAVE
THE LAST CORRUPT ADMINISTRATION
$550 MILLION. AGAIN, WHAT A
JUDGE WILL TELL YOU WHEN YOU ARE
ON A JURY IS YOU GET TO APPLY
COMMON SENSE. IF IT DOESN'T MAKE
SENSE, YOU DON'T HAVE TO BELIEVE
IT. IF YOU GAVE $550 MILLION TO
AN ADMINISTRATION YOU KNEW WAS
CORRUPT, WHAT HAPPENS BETWEEN
2018 AND 2019 BESIDES YOU BEING
SCARED TO DEATH OF YOUR NEXT
POLITICAL OPPONENT? WHAT THE
JUDGE WILL ALSO TELL YOU IS THAT
YOU DO NOT HAVE TO TAKE
EVERYTHING THAT EVERYBODY SAYS
AS FACT. BUT IN THIS CASE, LET'S
LOOK AT THE
3 WITNESSES THAT TESTIFIED UNDER
OATH, VINDMAN, PURPLE HEART,
LIEUTENANT COLONEL. HE SAID IT
WAS AN INVESTIGATION INTO BIDEN.
TRUMP SUPPORTER SAID IT WAS QUID
PRO QUO. BILL TAYLOR, WEST POINT
SAID THAT IT WAS CRAZY TO
WITHHOLD MILITARY AID FOR AN
INVESTIGATION ALL UNDER OATH,
ALL WITH THE PENALTY OF PERJURY.
WHO DO THEY OFFER
ON THE OTHER SIDE? PRESIDENT
TRUMP. 14435 LIES TO DATE SINCE
HE HAS BEEN PRESIDENT, NOT UNDER
OATH BUT WE SHOULD TAKE HIS WORD
FOR IT, SO ABSURD BECAUSE IN A
CALL, WE KNOW THE PRESIDENT'S
VOCABULARY. HE MAY SAY BIGLY OR
GREAT OR HE MIGHT SAY WINNING A
LOT
BUT IN THE ORDER  OF AN ORDINARY
CONVERSATION HE DOES NOT SAY
QUID PRO QUO. AFTER THE
WHISTLEBLOWER IS KNOWN TO
EVERYBODY HE GETS A CALL, AND
HEY, I DON'T WANT A QUID PRO
QUO. WHY DOES THAT COME FROM? IT
CAME FROM THE FACT THAT YOU ARE
GUILTY OF THE CRIME CHARGED LIKE
A KID WITH HIS HAPPENED IN THE
COOKIE JAR WITH HIS CRUMBS ON
HIS MOUTH AND HE SAID I DIDN'T
HAVE A COOKIE. HE SAYS I DON'T
WANT A QUID PRO QUO. I WANT THEM
TO DO THE RIGHT THING. NO. YOU
WOULD NOT HAVE HELD UP THEIR
VITAL MILITARY AID. THIS IS A
COUNTRY THAT IS BEING OCCUPIED
BY HIS FRIEND PUTIN. HE IS
HOLDING UP THE VITAL AID FOR
THEM TO PROTECT THEIR COUNTRY
BECAUSE HE SAID IT'S ABOUT
CORRUPTION. BUT WE KNOW FROM THE
FACTS IN THE CASE, FROM THE 3
PEOPLE WHO TESTIFIED UNDER OATH
THAT ALL THIS WAS ABOUT WAS
MAKING SURE THAT HE GETS AN
INVESTIGATION INTO JOE BIDEN.
WHY WAS THAT IMPORTANT? WHEN YOU
PANIC, YOU GO BACK TO WHAT
WORKED THE FIRST TIME. AN
INVESTIGATION WHERE HE GOT TO
RUN AROUND THE COUNTRY SAYING
LOCK HER UP, AND HE FIGURED HE
COULD RUN AROUND THE COUNTRY
SAYING LOCK HIM UP AND IT MIGHT
WORK
AGAIN. WITH THAT, I YIELD BACK.
>> YIELDED BACK.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, YOU DIDN'T GIVE
US A LOT OF WITNESSES IN THE
COMMITTEE AND ONE FACT WITNESS,
AND WE GOT ONE PROFESSOR,
PROFESSOR CURLEY WHO EARLY ON IN
HIS TALKS MENTIONED HE DIDN'T
VOTE FOR THE PRESIDENT, AND NONE
OF THE OTHER WITNESSES, EITHER.
AND ONE THING HE SAID THE
EVIDENCE THAT YOU HAVE AGAINST
HIM THAT YOU
ARE BRINGING THE IMPEACHMENT
CHARGES ARE ON WAFER THIN
EVIDENCE. AND WHAT IS NOT WAFER
THIN IS THE EFFORTS BY THIS
COMMITTEE TO GET RID OF THIS
PRESIDENT. THEY HAVE BEEN
LOOKING FOR AN EXCUSE TO IMPEACH
THE PRESIDENT FOR A LONG TIME,
AND NOW THEY HAVE ONE, AND THEY
KNOW HE WILL NOT BE REMOVED FROM
OFFICE BUT IT'S EMBARRASSING,
AND IT'S A MARK, AND
UNFORTUNATE BECAUSE THE COUNTRY
SHOULDN'T BE PUT THROUGH THIS.
BUT I THINK ONE OF THE THINGS WE
OUGHT TO DO IS LOOK AT THE
THINGS THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS
ACCOMPLISHED THAT THEY ARE
TALKING ABOUT GETTING RID OF.
THIS IS A PRESIDENT THAT HAS
SUCCESSFULLY GROWN THIS ECONOMY.
IF YOU LOOK AT THE SAVINGS
ACCOUNTS AND 401K ACCOUNTS OF SO
MANY AMERICANS AND SO MANY
RETIREES, THEY ARE UP AS THE
STOCK MARKET IS, AND THAT WILL
NOT GO ON FOREVER BUT THAT IS
SOMETHING POSITIVE THAT MOST
PERSONS TO BE PLEASE BODY, AND
THERE ARE MORE AMERICANS
EMPLOYED THAN EVER BEFORE IN THE
NATION'S HISTORY. MANUFACTURING
JOBS WHICH WE USED TO BE HURTING
IN THE COUNTRY AND WAS IN
DECLINE FOR A
LONG TIME ARE COMING BACK.
UNEMPLOYMENT, 50-YEAR LOW. 4
MILLION AMERICANS NO LONGER NEED
TO RELY  FOOD STAMPS. THAT'S A
POSITIVE THING. RETAIL SALES ARE
UP. WE ARE FINALLY BECOMING
ENERGY INDEPENDENT. THE U.S. IS
NOW A NET NATURAL GAS EXPORTER
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 60 YEARS,
60 YEARS. WE ARE NOW AN EXPORTER
OF NATURAL GAS. RIGHT TO TRY. I
REMEMBER THE PRESIDENT AND I'M
SURE MY DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES
REMEMBER THIS, TOO, THE
PRESIDENT WAS ENCOURAGED TO PASS
THE RIGHT TO TRY LAW WHICH
ALLOWS PEOPLE TO OFTENTIMES HAVE
A -- THEY DON'T HAVE A LOT OF
CHANCE. THEY HAVE A DISEASE
CONSIDERED FATAL, AND THEY WOULD
LIKE TO TRY SOME DRUG THAT MAY
BE COMES OUT SOME YEARS DOWN THE
ROAD BUT ARE WILLING TO TRY IT
NOW, AND BECAUSE OF THIS, IT'S
GIVING SOME PEOPLE HOPE AND
HOPEFULLY SAVING LIVES. THAT'S
THE PRESIDENT'S IDEA. THE
MILITARY IS STRONGER THAN IT'S
BEEN IN A LONG, LONG TIME, AND
THANK GOD, WE ARE INCREASING PAY
FOR MEN AND WOMEN IN UNIFORM,
AND THEY DESERVE EVEN MORE.
THERE ARE TWO GREAT JUDGES, I
ARGUE, FROM MY DEMOCRATIC
COLLEAGUES WHO WOULD PROBABLY
DISAGREE WITH ME HERE BUT TWO
GREAT JUDGES ON THE SUPREME
COURT NOW. AND ELECTIONS HAVE
CONSEQUENCES. THEY WOULD HAVE
BEEN VERY, VERY DIFFERENT HAD
HILLARY CLINTON BEEN ELECTED
LAST TIME. ELECTIONS HAVE
CONSEQUENCES. AND THERE ARE MANY
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGES THAT THEY
ARE FILLING IN THE SENATE, AND
THANK GOD FOR THAT. THE
PRESIDENT
WITHDREW US FROM THAT AWFUL IRAN
DEAL WHICH ALLOWED
MONEY, BILLIONS TO GO TO
TERRORISTS TOO BE USED AGAINST
US. AND WE HAVE SEEN -- FINALLY,
WE ARE
STRENGTHENING OUR SOUTHERN
BORDERS THOUGH WE HAVE A LONG
WAY WAY TO GO. WHEN THE
DEMOCRATS TOOK OVER, THE FIRST
THING THEY DID, THE ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT WERE INTRODUCED, AND
THE VERY SAME
DAY, ONE
OF
THEIR MEMBERS IN A
PROFANITY-FILLED SPEECH SAID WE
WILL IMPEACH THE [BLEEP] BUT DID
NOT SAY BLEEP. IS THAT A REASON
TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT BECAUSE
HE MIGHT GET REELECTED? IT WAS
TO THEM. IT GOES BACK TWO YEARS
TO THE INAUGURATION. A LOT OF
PEOPLE CAME UP TO PROTEST, AND
THAT'S FINE. WE SAW A LOT OF
WINDOWS BROKEN. WE HAD ONE
PERSON SAYING SHE WAS DREAMING
ABOUT BLOWING UP THE WHITE HOUSE
AND THAT SORT OF THING. IT
REALLY DID GET UGLY. THE BOTTOM
LINE IS THEY HAVE BEEN LOOKING
FOR AN EXCUSE FOR YEARS NOW TO
IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT. THEY ARE
WAFER THIN. WE SHOULD NOT BE
MOVING FORWARD ON SOMETHING LIKE
THIS. THE COUNTRY DESERVES A LOT
BETTER THAN THEY ARE GETTING IN
THE IMPEACHMENT PROCESS. I WILL
BE GLAD WHEN WE GET BEYOND THIS.
IT'S BAD FOR THE COUNTRY AND
DIVISIVE. I YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> MOVE TO STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> MOVE IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THANK YOU, MR. CHAIRMAN. I
HEAR MY COLLEAGUE FROM RHODE
ISLAND SAY THIS ISN'T ABOUT
POLICY DIFFERENCES BUT THE
OBLIGATION TO PROTECT AND DEFEND
OUR CONSTITUTION. IT'S ABOUT
COURAGE. OF COURSE IT'S ABOUT
POLICY DIFFERENCES. YOU SAID
NOTHING ON YOUR SIDE WHEN
PRESIDENT OBAMA SENT SURROGATES
OUT TO LIE ABOUT BENGHAZI. YOU
SAID NOTHING WHEN PRESIDENT
OBAMA'S ADMINISTRATION ENTERED
INTO A GUN-RUNNING DEAL WITH
MEXICAN CARTELS AND THE FAST AND
FURIOUS PROGRAM WAS DEVELOPED.
YOU SAID NOTHING ABOUT
DEMOCRATIC LEADERS. THIS IS
ABOUT A POLICY DIFFERENCE. IT'S
NOT ABOUT COURAGE. I DON'T
QUESTION ANYONE'S COURAGE ON THE
OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE. I
QUESTION YOUR JUDGMENT. I DON'T
QUESTION YOUR COURAGE. I THINK
THAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE
GETTING TIRED, AND I SAY THAT
BECAUSE I HAVE A FRIEND FROM
COLLEGE, JIM. AND JIM SENT ME A
TEXT. JUST SO YOU KNOW A LITTLE
BIT ABOUT JIM, HIS DAD WAS A
PASTOR SOUTH OF THE MASON-DIXON
LINE IN THE 60s AND 70s AND A
LEADER IN THE CIVIL RIGHTS
MOVEMENT. HE DIDN'T VOTE FOR
DONALD TRUMP,
HE
DIDN'T VOTE FOR MITT
MITT ROMNEY, AND HE DIDN'T VOTE
FOR JOHN McCAIN BUT HE SENDS ME
A TEXT AND SAID I WILL BE VOTING
FOR DONALD TRUMP THIS TIME
AROUND BECAUSE HE BELIEVES YOUR
PARTY IS OVER REACHING THIS
TIME, OVER REACHING. THE LAST
TEXT HE WENT ME WAS INTERESTING.
HE SAID THE STOCK MARKET IS
CLOSED AT A RECORD HIGH. THEY'RE
LOSING. BUT I THOUGHT ABOUT THE
OVER REACH COMMENT, AND I
THOUGHT ABOUT WHAT WAS MY -- THE
MOST LUDICROUS OF THE WAYS THAT
THE GROUP OF DEMOCRATS IN THE
HOUSE TRIED TO TAKE OUT THIS
PRESIDENT? THERE ARE A LOT TO
CHOOSE FROM. MY FAVORITE HAPPENS
TO BE THE 25th AMENDMENT. I
THOUGHT WHEN YA'LL CAME UP WITH
THE 25th AMENDMENT, IT WAS RIGHT
AT THE TOP. YOU CALL IN A
PROFESSOR FROM YALE AND THAT
PROFESSOR FROM YALE COULD HAVE
BEEN RIGHT OUT OF A MOVIE ABOUT
THE OLD SOVIET UNION. SHE SAID,
TESTIFYING IN CONGRESS, WELL, IT
TAKES A MAJORITY OF THE CABINET
TO INVOKE THE 25th AMENDMENT BUT
THIS PRESIDENT MIGHT BE -- HE
WOULD NEED AN EXAMINATION. WHEN
ASKED BY A MEMBER COULD HE BE
DETAINED? COULD THE PRESIDENT OF
THE UNITED STATES BE DETAINED
FOR PURPOSES OF A EXAMINATION?
SHE SAID YES, RIGHT OUT OF THE
OLD SOVIET UNION. THAT WAS MY
FAVORITE, AND THE SECOND
FAVORITE WAS THE EMOLUMENTS
CLAUSE. I SAYS ANYONE THAT IS
SUCCESSFUL AND HAS WORLD WIDE
BUSINESSES IS GOING TO BE
SUBJECT TO AN EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE
ARGUMENT. THANKFULLY DID YOU NOT
INCLUDE THIS IN THE SET OF
ARTICLES. YOU HAVE HAD 4 ON THE
HOUSE, AND YOU THINK THAT
SOMEHOW WE'RE NOT SHOWING
COURAGE WHEN WE STAND HERE AND
TELL YOU DON'T HAVE THE FACTS TO
CONVICT THIS PRESIDENT ON THESE
CHARGES. AND YOU DON'T. THE
THING THAT'S GOING TO CHANGE IS
WHEN
THIS MOVES OVER TO THE SENATE,
YOU LOSE THE NARRATIVE BECAUSE
THE REPUBLICANS WILL CALL HUNTER
BIDEN. THEY WILL CALL THE
WHISTLEBLOWER, AND YOU BETTER
WAIT AND SEE WHAT THE AMERICAN
BELIEVE DOES WHEN ALL THE FACTS
ARE OUT. YOU DON'T GET TO HIDE
THE FACTS IN THE BASEMENT ANY.
ALL
THE FACTS WILL BE COMING OUT. I
ASKED A FEW OF MY FRIENDS IF
THEY HAD ANY FAVORITES, AND I
WILL YIELD TO MY FRIEND
TO ASK IF THEY HAD MORE
OUTRAGEOUS SCENARIOS.
>> THANK YOU ANSWER YIELDING AND
THE 25th AMENDMENT WAS RIGHT AT
THE TOP OF THE HEAP THERE. BUT
VIRTUALLY EVERY TIME THAT THE
PRESIDENT TWEETS SOMETHING, I
HEAR CRITICISM HE SHOULD BE
IMPEACHED FOR TWEETING. IN FACT,
THE HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR THAT
WAS IN HERE LAST WEEK WROTE A
PIECE HE SHOULD BE IMPEACHED FOR
TWEETING IN 2017. THAT WAS FUN.
THE
OTHER WAS BROIBRY. THAT WAS FUN.
THE PROFESSOR TOOK HER 5 MINUTES
TO TRY AND EXPLAIN WHAT BRIBERY
WAS. WE DIDN'T HEAR ANYTHING
MORE ABOUT WHAT BRIBERY WAS
>>
YIELD THAT. GENTLEMAN YIELDED
BACK.
>> CHAIRMAN? CHAIRMAN?
>> THE GENTLEMAN SEEK
RECOGNITION?
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> SO RECOGNIZED
>> MY COLLEAGUE SUGGESTS THAT WE
HAVE POLICY DISAGREEMENTS WITH
THE PRESIDENT. WE DO HAVE POLICY
DISAGREEMENTS WE HAVE A
DISAGREEMENT THAT YOU PASSED
YOUR SIGNATURE LEGISLATIVE
PACKAGE A GOP TAX SCAM WHERE 83%
OF THE BENEFITS WENT TO THE
WEALTHIEST ONE%. YOU EXPLODED
THE DEFICIT AND THE DEBT. WE
DISAGREE WITH THAT. WE DISAGREE
WITH THE POLICY OF SEPARATING
GOD'S CHILDREN FROM THEIR
PARENTS AND CAGING THOSE
CONCERN. THAT WAS UNACCEPTABLE,
UNCONSCIONABLE AND UNAMERICAN.
WE DISAGREE WITH THAT. WE
DISAGREE WITH YOUR EFFORT,
ONGOING TO STRIP AWAY HEALTHCARE
PROTECTION FROM MORE THAN 100
MILLION AMERICANS WITH
PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS. WE
DISAGREE WITH THAT AS WELL. BUT
WE ARE NOT HERE AT THIS MOMENT
UNDERTAKING THIS SOLEMN
RESPONSIBILITY BECAUSE WE
DISAGREE WITH HIS POLICY
POSITIONS. WE'LL DEAL WITH THAT
NEXT ON NOVEMBER. WE'RE HERE
BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT PRESSURED
A FOREIGN GOVERNMENT TO TARGET
AN AMERICAN CITIZEN FOR
POLITICAL GAIN THEREBY
SOLICITING FOREIGN INTERFERENCE
IN THE 2020 ELECTION BY
WITHHOLDING $391 MILLION IN
MILITARY AID WITHOUT
JUSTIFICATION. THE PRESIDENT
SAID THAT WAS PERFECT. HERE'S
WHAT OTHERS HAVE HAD TO SAY
ABOUT THAT. AMBASSADOR SONDLAND
WHO GAVE THE PRESIDENT $1
MILLION FOR THE INAUGURATION
SAID IT WAS A QUID PRO QUO.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL VINDMAN, IRAQ
WAR VETERAN
SAID IT WAS IMPROPER. DR. FIONA
HILL, TRUMP APPOINTEE, POLITICAL
ERRAND. AMBASSADOR HALER, WEST
POINT GRADUATE, APPOINTED BY
REAGAN, BUSH, AND TRUMP, VIETNAM
WAR HERO. HE
SAID IT WAS CRAZY. JOHN BOLTON,
A SUPER CONSERVATIVE TRUMP
NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR SAID
IT WAS A DRUG DEAL. WHAT WAS THE
FRAMERS OF THE CONSTITUTION HAVE
SAID? IMPEACHABLE. I YIELD TO MY
COLLEAGUE FROM CALIFORNIA.
>> I THANK THE GENTLEMEN. IN MY
COLLEAGUE'S EFFORTS TO DEFEND
THIS PRESIDENT, YOU WANT HIM TO
BE SOMEONE HE IS NOT. YOU WANT
HIM TO BE SOMEONE HE IS TELLING
YOU  HE IS NOT. YOU ARE TRYING
TO DEFEND THE CALL, AND HE IS
SAYING, GUYS, IT WAS A PERFECT
CALL. HE'S NOT WHO YOU WANT HIM
TO BE. LET ME SELL YOU HOW
SELFISH HIS ACTS WERE. YOU CAN
DENY THIS AS MUCH AS YOU WANT.
PEOPLE DIED IN UKRAINE AT THE
HANDS OF RUSSIA. AND UKRAINE
SINCE SEPTEMBER 2018 WHEN IT WAS
VOTED ON BY CONGRESS WAS
COUNTING ON OUR SUPPORT. ONE
YEAR PAST AND PEOPLE DIED. YOU
MAY NOT WANT TO THINK ABOUT
THAT. IT MAY BE HARD TO THINK
ABOUT THAT. BUT THEY DIED WHEN
THIS SELFISH, SELFISH PRESIDENT
WITHHELD THE AID FOR HIS OWN
PERSONAL GAIN. I GET IT. OH,
OBAMA, YOU KNOW, HE ONLY GAVE
THEM XYZ. WE PROVE THAT
PRESIDENT OBAMA GAVE THEM NOT
ONLY MILITARY IS CAPABILITY,
MILITARY TRAINING, AND MEDICAL
EQUIPMENT. SO DON'T TELL
YOURSELF UKRANIANS DIDN'T DIE.
THEY DIED. AMBASSADOR TAYLOR HE
SAID THESE ARE WEAPONS AND
ASSISTANCE TO ALLOW THEM TO
DETER FURTHER INCURSION BY
RUSSIANS. IF THAT FURTHER
INCURSION AND AGGRESSION WERE TO
HAVE TAKEN PLACE, MORE WOULD
HAVE DIED. BUT YOU DIDN'T ONLY
HURT UKRAINE, MR. PRESIDENT BY
DOING THIS, YOU HELPED RUSSIA,
AND TO MY COLLEAGUES WHO BELIEVE
WE HAVE AN ANTI-CORRUPTION
PRESIDENT IN THE WHITE HOUSE, I
ASK YOU THIS. HOW MANY TIMES DID
THIS ANTI-CORRUPTION PRESIDENT
MEET WITH THE MOST CORRUPT
LEADER IN THE WORLD, VLADIMIR
PUTIN? HOW MANY TIMES DID HE
TALK TO HIM? 16 TIMES BETWEEN
MEETING AND PHONE CONVERSATIONS
AND HOW MANY CONDITIONS DID THE
PRESIDENT PUT ON VLADIMIR PUTIN
TO GET AN AUDIENCE WITH THE MOST
POWERFUL BETTER THAN IN THE
WORLD WITH THE HIGHEST OFFICE?
ZERO CONDITIONS. THAT'S WHO YOU
ARE DEFENDING. KEEP DEFENDING
HIM. WE WILL DEFEND THE
INSTITUTION
AND
NATIONAL SECURITY. I YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN I MOVE TO STRIKE
THE LAST WORD
>> SO RECOGNIZED
>> I WANT TO THANK MY COLLEAGUE
MR. JEFFERIES FOR LAYING BARE
WHAT WE ALL HAVE KNOWN. THEY
HAVE POLICY DIFFERENCES, AND AS
HE SAID, THEY WILL DEAL WITH IT
NEXT NOVEMBER. THEY ARE NOT
REALLY INTERESTED IN REMOVING
THIS PRESIDENT FROM OFFICE. THEY
DON'T THINK THE SENATE WILL
REMOVE HIM FROM OFFICE. THEY GET
IT. THIS IS A POLITICAL EXERCISE
TO HELP THEM IN NEXT NOVEMBER'S
ELECTION. THAT'S WHAT IT'S ALL
ABOUT FOR THEM, AND IT'S
INFURIATING TO ME THAT THEY PUT
ON THIS SHOW AND WAVE WEATHER
CONSTITUTION WHICH THEY MUST
HAVE JUST FOUND BECAUSE, YOU
KNOW, I'VE BEEN AT THIS A LONG
TIME, AND I DON'T SEE FOLKS ON
THEIR SIDE OF THE AISLE WAVING
THE CONSTITUTION MUCH  LESS
READING FROM IT VERY OFTEN. BUT
IT'S GOOD TO SEE WHAT THEIR REAL
MOTIVES ARE, TO USE
THIS FOR A POLITE  POLITICAL
MANEUVER FOR THE ELECTION. I
YIELD TO THE MEMBER.
>> I AM NOT SURE IF THE HEARING
IS BAD ON THAT END. UNDOUBTEDLY
IT IS. I DID NOT SAY NO ONE
DIED. UNDOUBTEDLY YOU CAN HAVE
TROUBLE READING AN ARTICLE
SAYING THAT NO ONE DIED. NO ONE
SAID THAT YOU ARE JUST SITTING
THERE TELLING UNTRUTH BECAUSE
YOU DON'T GET IT BECAUSE YOU
HAVE A PERSONAL AGENDA AND MAYBE
ARE AUDITIONING TO BE AN
IMPEACHMENT MANAGER. THAT'S
GREAT. BUT YOU CAN'T GET INTO
THIS ONE. AS SOMEONE WHO WATCHED
PEOPLE DIE ON THE BATTLE FIELD,
I KNOW WHEN PEOPLE DIE. I KNOW
WHEN THEY COME INTO THE HOSPITAL
AND THEY WERE SHOT UP AND WHIT
AN IED. TO COME IN AND TAKE A
SHOT AND SAY, MR. COLLINS
DOESN'T THINK PEOPLE DIED,
THAT'S A LOAD OF HOGWASH. AND
IT'S SO WRONG TO GET A CHEAP
SHOT WHEN YOU CAN'T EVEN READ
YOUR OWN ARTICLE THAT YOU PUT IN
SUBMISSION. MAYBE WE CAN GO BY
IT WORD BY WORD ALTHOUGH THERE
IS NO WAY TO LINK THE DEATHS
DIRECTLY TO LACK OF AID. UNDER
SECRETARY HALE SAID THIS WAS
PROSPECTIVE, NOT AT THE TIME. I
AM NOT SURE WHAT PARTY -- I
COULD MAYBE DRAW A PICTURE AND
PUT IT ON A CHART FOR YOU.
THAT'S THE MOST RIDICULOUS
COMMENT, AND THERE'S BEEN A LOT
OF THEM HERE. THAT IS THE MOST
AMAZING, AMAZING LACK OF HONESTY
AND INTEGRITY I'VE SEEN SO FAR.
LOOKING AT YOUR OWN ARTICLE. TO
SAY THAT I NEVER SAID NO ONE
DIED. WE KNOW PEOPLE DIED. LET
ME EXPLAIN IT TO YOU. WAR,
PEOPLE DIE. IS THAT DIFFICULT TO
UNDERSTAND? MAYBE THAT'S WHY YOU
ARE BACK HERE WITH US TONIGHT?
IT'S NOT HARD TO UNDERSTAND. AND
TO SAY THAT TO -- AGAIN, TWO
THINGS, THE MOST AMAZING THING
TODAY, TEARING DOWN THE UKRANIAN
-- MR. ZELENSKY AND BESMIRCHING
THE FOLKS WHO DIED, THAT'S
AMAZING TO ME, AND EVEN FOR THIS
MAJORITY. TO SIT THERE AND KEEP
REPEATING THE LIE AFTER LIE
AFTER LIE. THEY DIED. MR. HALE
UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE SAID IT
WAS PROSPECTIVE MONEY, NOT
CURRENT MONEY. PEOPLE DIED WHEN
THE MONEY WAS RELEASED EARLIER.
ARE WE GOING TO CLAIM THAT WAS
BECAUSE WE DIDN'T GIVE THEM
ENOUGH MONEY? I DON'T KNOW. I
GET. IT YA'LL GOT AN AGENDA TO
PUSH. THE CLOCK IS TICKING. BUT
TO SIT AND COME BACK WITH THAT
ONE AND ACCUSE ME THAT I SAID
NOBODY DIED? I NEVER SAID NOBODY
DIED. UNDOUBTEDLY, YOU DON'T
UNDERSTAND THAT BECAUSE YOUR OWN
ARTICLE THAT YOU WANTED TO GET
IN SO QUICKLY SAID THERE IS NO
WAY TO ACTUALLY TELL -- THIS WAS
AN ARTICLE THAT WAS SLANTED
AGAINST THE POSITION THAT THE
PRESIDENT HAD. SO IF YOU WANT TO
CHANGE THIS DEBATE, GO RIGHT
AHEAD. FOR THE MEN AND WOMEN WHO
SERVED IN THE MILITARY AND
WATCHED AND BEEN OVERSEAS AND
WATCHED THIS AROUND THE WORLD,
FIGHTING IN UKRAINE AND OTHERS
RIGHT NOW, FOR YOU TO SAY THAT,
THAT'S JUST WRONG. AND I'M NOT
YIELDING TO ANYONE. MAKE LIKE I
SAID, MAYBE IT'S A READING
COMPREHENSION PROBLEM. MAYBE WE
JUST DON'T HAVE IT. MAYBE IT'S
JUST BECAUSE WE DON'T HAVE THE
FACTS TO MAKE THE ARGUMENT. I'LL
GO BACK TO THE FACTS THAT YOU
COULDN'T HAVE MADE THE CASE.
OTHERWISE, YOU WOULD HAVE
ROASTED HIM IN THE ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. YOU CAN'T DO IT. SO
WHAT DO WE DO? TODAY WE TAKE THE
TACT OF TEARING DOWN MR.
ZELENSKY, JUST TEARING HIM DOWN
AND CONTINUING THE UNFORTUNATE
MISREPRESENTATIVE OF MONEY AND
DEATH OF SOLDIERS FIGHTING FOR
THEIR COUNTRY. THAT IS THE DARK
THING THAT WE SEE TODAY. I YIELD
BACK.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN?
>> THE TIME HAS NOW EXPIRED. AND
NOW WHAT PURPOSE DO YOU SEEK?
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD, MR.
CHAIRMAN
>> THE GENTLE LADY IS
RECOGNIZED.
>> I WILL TAKE A DIFFERENT
PERSPECTIVE FROM MY GOOD FRIEND
DOUG COLLINS. THE CONSTITUTION
IS A GUIDE WHICH I WILL NEVER
ABANDON. THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WHO
WATCH THIS DEBATE, WHO, MEN AND
WOMEN WEARING UNIFORM AROUND THE
NATION, I HOPE THAT YOU'LL
UNDERSTAND THAT WE WILL NEVER
ABANDON THE CONSTITUTION. THAT
IS WHY WE ARE HERE TODAY, TO
DISCUSS THE ARTICLE WAS
IMPEACHMENT. WHEN I BEGAN MY
WORDS YESTERDAY, I SAID WE THE
PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES AS
EVIDENCED BY JAMES MADISON TO
PROMOTE THE GENERAL WELFARE AND
ESTABLISH THE CONSTITUTION OF
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
LET ME SPEAK BRIEFLY TO SAY THAT
THE LANGUAGE THAT THE GENTLEMAN
IS TRYING TO STRIKE IS ALREADY
ESTABLISHED, AND IT WAS IN THE
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT IN 1998.
LET ME ALSO SAY THAT MY GOOD
FRIENDS ARE SPEAKING TO AN
AUDIENCE OF 1, THE PERSON WHO
NOW IS ABSORBING THE ACCOLADES
AND ALL THE GREAT WORK HE HAS
DONE. AND I
HAVE NO QUARREL OF THE
REPRESENTATION OF THEIR
PRESIDENT. I DON'T WANT SERVE A
MAN OR A PRESIDENT. BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN ANSWERED THE QUESTION
WHEN THEY SHOUTED OUT, MR.
FRANKLIN, WHAT DO WE HAVE A
MONARCHY OR A REPUBLIC? HE SAID
A REPUBLIC IF WE CAN KEEP IT.
TODAY, THE MAJORITY OF DEMOCRATS
ARE ATTEMPTING TO KEEP THIS
REPUBLIC AND MAINTAIN THAT THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
CANNOT ABUSE HIS POWER AND
CANNOT USURP CONGRESS. THE
CHAIRMAN MADE IT VERY CLEAR. HE
MADE IT VERY CLEAR BY STATING
THAT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES AT THAT TIME IN THE NIXON
PROCEEDINGS COULD NOT DESIGN FOR
HIMSELF HOW THE IMPEACHMENT
INQUIRY WOULD WORK. AND THEN, TO
TALK ABOUT THE PRESIDENT'S USE
OF HIS PUBLIC OFFICE TO USE
FOREIGN FUNDS TO GET A FOREIGN
ENTITY
TO
HELP WITH HIS CAMPAIGN. I
DISAGREE WITH THE PRESIDENT FOR
CUTTING SNAP FOR POOR PEOPLE OR
SEPARATING CHILDREN. A NEWLY
ELECTED PRESIDENT, THE PRESIDENT
WHO HAD
RUN ON THE GET CORRUPTION OUT
CAMPAIGN LITERALLY, HE
CAMPAIGNED. HIS PARTY WAS AN
ANTICORRUPTION PARTY AND COMES
HAT IN HAND BECAUSE HE MISSED
THE INAUGURATION. HE DID NOT GO.
HE SENT SONDLAND, AND HE SENT
PERRY. MR. PENCE DID NOT GO. HE
WANTED TO SAY ANYTHING THAT HE
COULD TO MAKE SURE HE WOULD GET
THESE DOLLARS AND CALLING FOR AN
INVESTIGATION ON AN OPPONENT, IT
WAS NOT BENEATH HIM. HOW DO YOU
THINK THAT HE WOULD ADMIT NOW
PUBLICALLY THAT HE IS WILLING TO
DO IT? LET ME SHOW YOU THE
ATMOSPHERE IN WHICH UKRAINE
LIVED. PUTIN RELATIONS RECLAIMS
CRIMEA RIGHT ON THE BORDER,
ARROGANTLY WITHOUT, IN ANY
DEFENSE BY UKRAINE. THEY LOST.
CRIMEA WAS TAKEN. JUST LIKE WE
WOULD HAVE LOST MISSISSIPPI OR
TEXAS OR NEW YORK OR CALIFORNIA.
AND THEN THEY LIVED IN THE
ATMOSPHERE OF A JETLINER
EXPLODES OVER UKRAINE, SHOT DOWN
BY RUSSIAN WEAPONS, BY
SEPARATISTS SUPPORTED BY
UKRAINE. OR BY RUSSIA. AND THEN
UKRAINE, IN UKRAINE, THE U.S.
TRAINED AN ARMY IN THE WEST TO
FIGHT THE EAST, IMPACTING OUR
NATIONAL SECURITY. SO LET ME SAY
TO MY COLLEAGUES, I READ THE
INSTITUTION REGULARLY. MY
PREDECESSOR ALWAYS SAID, KEEP A
CONSTITUTION IN YOUR HAND.
BARBARA JORDAN SAID WE THE
PEOPLE BUT I'M CLEAR THAT THE
IMBALANCE OF POWER BETWEEN
UKRAINE AND THE UNITED STATES
AND 2 HEADS OF STATE WOULD HAVE
CAUSED THAT PRESIDENT TO DO
ALMOST ANYTHING. AND AS
AMBASSADOR SONDLAND SAID, HE
WILL DO ANYTHING YOU DESIRE HIM
TO DO, AND HE WILL CALL FOR
INVESTIGATION. AND SO HE WAS
WILLING TO GO ON CNN AND
ANNOUNCE THOSE INVESTIGATIONS.
THE PRESIDENT HAS ABUSED HIS
POWER. THE PRESIDENT HAS TRIED
TO OBSTRUCT CONGRESS IN TRYING
TO CREATE HIS OWN WAY OF US
DOING OUR IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY. I
BELIEVE WE ARE DOING THE RIGHT
THING. I SUPPORT
THE ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT. I
YIELD BACK.
>> STRIKE THE
LAST WORD.
>> THE GENTLEMEN IS RECOGNIZED
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, DARE I STATE
THE OBVIOUS? I HAVE NOT HEARD A
NEW POINT OR AN ORIGINAL THOUGHT
FROM EITHER SIDE IN THE LAST 3
HOURS. THE SAME TALKING POINTS
REPORTED OVER AND OVER AGAIN AD
NASEUM BY BOTH SIDES. DENYING A
FACT DOESN'T MAKE IT FALSE AND
REPEATING IT OVER AND OVER
DOESN'T MAKE IT TRUE. WE ALL
KNOW THAT WITHOUT PUTTING IT ON
AND
ENDLESS LOOP. I WILL OFFER A
MODERATE SUGGESTION IF NO ONE
HAS ANYTHING NEW TO ADD THEY
RESIST THE TEMPTATION, AND WITH
THAT, I YIELD BACK.
>> THE
POINT IS WELL TAKEN. WHO ELSE
SEEKS RECOGNITION? FOR WHAT
PURPOSE?
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> GENTLEWOMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> I THANK THE GENTLELADY FOR
YIELDING. I HEARD THE LAST
SPEAKER FROM TEXAS TALKING ABOUT
THE CAMPAIGN, AND HOW ABOUT
THE FBI SPYING ON FOUR AMERICAN
CITIZENS WITH THE CAMPAIGN IN
2016? THE PEOPLE RUNNING THE
INVESTIGATION WERE THE ONES WHO
SAID WE'LL STOP TRUMP AND TRUMP
SHOULD LOSE 100 MILLION TO 0.
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO SAID WE
HAVE AN INSURANCE POLICY AND RAN
THE INVESTIGATION WHERE THEY
WENT TO THE COURT AND LIED TO
THE COURT. WE JUST LEARNED THIS,
LIED TO THE COURT 17 TIMES AND
DIDN'T TELL THE COURT THAT THE
GUY WHO WROTE THE DOSSIER WAS,
QUOTE, DESPERATE TO STOP TRUMP
AND THE DOSSIER TO FURTHER SPY,
DOESN'T TELL THE SOUTHER THAT
THE GUY WHO WROTE THE DOSSIER
WAS WORKING FOR THE CLINT ONLY
CAMPAIGN. DIDN'T DO THAT. DIDN'T
TELL THE COURT THAT THE GUY THAT
WROTE THE DOSSIER, CHRISTOPHER
STEEL, WAS FIRED BECAUSE HE WAS
TALKING TO THE  PRESS. WE ARE
TALKING ABOUT THAT FACT, AND NOW
IN 2020, NOW IN 2020 WE DON'T
HAVE THE FBI SPYING ON PEOPLE
WITH THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN YET.
WE'VE DON'T HAVE THEM GOING TO
DEFY THE COURT AND LYING. WHAT
WE HAVE INSTEAD, AN INSURANCE
POLICY INSTEAD NOW IS
IMPEACHMENT. THAT'S WHAT THEY
ARE DOING. THAT'S HOW THEY WILL
MAKE IT TOUGHER ON THE PRESIDENT
TO WIN RE-ELECTION. THAT'S WHAT
THIS IS ABOUT, AND THAT'S WHY
IT'S SO WRONG. LET THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE DECIDE. WE ARE 11 MONTHS
AWAY, LESS THAN 11 MONTHS AWAY
FROM THE NEXT ELECTION. LET THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE DECIDE. WE
ALREADY HAD THE FBI TRY AND
WEIGH IN 2016 AND DO ALL THE
THINGS THAT MR. HOROWITZ TOLD US
ABOUT THIS WEEK AND NOW IN 2020,
THE DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS ARE
TRYING TO CREATE AN INSURANCE
POLICY WITH THE IMPEACHMENT
EFFORT. LET THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
DECIDE. I YIELD BACK TO THE
GENTLE LADY FROM ALABAMA.
>> THANK YOU, GENTLEMEN. I WILL
YIELD THE REMAINDER OF MY TIME
TO MR. WRECKEN  WRECK
RECKENTHALER
>> THANK YOU. AND I WANT TO DRAW
ATTENTION TO SOME OF
WHAT THE DEMOCRATIC WITNESSES
JUST  SAID. I HAVE TO FIND IT. I
HEARD IT BE SAID WHEN THE FACTS
NOT ON YOUR SIDE OR THE LAW IS
NOT ON YOUR SIDE, ARGUE FOR A
LONG TIME. THE FACTS AND THE LAW
ARE ON OUR SIDE. IT'S VERY CLEAR
THAT THE DEMOCRATS CANNOT MAKE
OUT A PRIMA FACIE CASE. THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE BECOME
ORIGINALISTS ALL OF A SUDDEN.
LET'S GO BACK TO THE STATUE. THE
FEDERAL BRIBERY STATUTE CONTAINS
WHOEVER BEING A PUBLIC OFFICIAL,
COMMANDS AND RECEIVES PERSONALLY
ANYTHING OF VALUE IN RETURN FOR
BEING INFLUENCED IN THE
PERFORMANCE OF AN OFFICIAL ACT.
SO WE CAN TAKE ANY ONE OF THOSE
ELEMENTS AND DECONSTRUCT IT.
LET'S START WITH OFFICIAL ACTS.
WE HAVEN'T HIT THAT. A MEETING
OF THE WHITE HOUSE IS NOT, A
QUOTE, UNQUOTE, OFFICIAL ACT
UNDER THE SUPREME COURT'S
McDONALD PRECEDENT. SETTING UP A
MEETING, TALKING TO ANOTHER
OFFICIAL OR ORGANIZING AN EVENT
DOES NOT FIT THE DEFINITION OF
AN OFFICIAL ACT. SO RIGHT THERE
UNDER THE SUPREME COURT
PRECEDENT, YOU DON'T HAVE AN
OFFICIAL ACT. YOU CAN ALSO LOOK
AT THE ELEMENT, ANYTHING OF
VALUE. THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
CRIMINAL DIVISION, PUBLIC
INTEGRITY SECTION, OPINED IN
ACCEPT THAT SOMETHING AS NEBULAS
AS AN INVESTIGATION IS NOT OF
SUFFICIENT CONCRETE VALUE TO
CONSTITUTE SOMETHING OF VALUE
UNDER THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAWS.
IF WE ARE ARGUING THE LAW, I
WILL ARGUE IT ALL NIGHT. THE LAW
IS NOT ON YOUR SIDE. YOU CANNOT
MAKE THE PRIMA FACIE CASE. I WAS
A DISTRICT JUDGE IN
PENNSYLVANIA. I WOULD HAVE
DISMISSED THIS EVERY TIME IF IT
CAME BEFORE ME BECAUSE THERE ARE
NOT THE ELEMENTS NEEDED TO
SUPPORT THE PRIMA FACIE CASE. I
ONLY HAVE 30 SECONDS LEFT. IF
SOMEONE WOULD YIELD ME MORE
TIME, I WOULD APPRECIATE IT. BUT
THE PRESIDENT DID NOT HAVE
CORRUPT INTENT. AGAIN, THE
DEMOCRATS ARE USING A PARODY
VERSION OF CHAIRMAN SCHIFF
TALKING ABOUT THE WHEN  -- HE
SAID -- THE PRESIDENT DOESN'T
SAY THAT AND IT'S IMPORTANT THAT
IT'S
USED
TO SUPPORT THE
ELEMENT.
IF ANYONE HAS MORE TIME, I
WOULD APPRECIATE IT BEING
YIELDED TO ME.
>>
IT'S NOT ALREADY DONE. YOU ARE
INCORRECT, SIR.
>> I AM TOLD YOU HAVE ALREADY
SPOKEN.
>> THAT WOULD BE IN ERROR, SIR.
>> I'M SORRY?
>> NOT ON JORDAN?
>> NO. YOU HAVE SPOKEN ON THE
AMENDMENT ALREADY.
>> NO, NOT ON JORDAN.
>> ON THIS AMENDMENT.
>> I
DON'T THINK SO.
>> ANYONE
ELSE SEEK RECOGNITION? NO ONE
ELSE SEEKS RECOGNITION?
>> MR. CHAIRMAN?
>> MR. BUCK YIELDED IT TO ME.
>> MR. RATCLIFFE SEEKS -- MR.
RATCLIFFE SEEK RECOGNITION?
>> MOVE TO STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> MY FRIEND FROM ARIZONA.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH. I GUESS IT
MEANS WE ARE NOT DOING THE
MINORITY HEARING TODAY. I WOULD
SAY THAT JAMES MADISON -- WE
HEARD PEOPLE INTONE JAMES
MADISON. HE SAID IN 1787 THAT
IMPEACHMENT WAS FOR, QUOTE,
REMOVAL OF AN OFFICER WHO HAD
RENDERED HIMSELF AS UNJUSTLY
CRIMINAL IN THE EYES OF THE
MAJORITY OF THE PEOPLE, CLOSED
QUOTE. YOU DON'T HAVE THAT. WHAT
YOU HAVE HERE IS A SLOP BUCKET
YOU ARE CALLING ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. SO WHAT WE HAVE
HEARD OVER THE
LAST TWO DAYS IS BASICALLY EVERY
GRIEVANCE THAT THE DEMOCRATS
HAVE, LADLING IT IN THE SLOP
BUCKET AND THROWING IT OUT THERE
AND TRIED TO PIGEON HOLE THE
REASON INTO OBSTRUCTION OF
CONGRESS OR ABUSE OF POWER. THAT
-- THAT'S THE PROBLEM THAT YOU
HAVE HERE, THAT YOU ARE ALL OVER
THE MAP BECAUSE YOU CAN'T
DELIVER A CRIME. THERE IS NO
HIGH CRIME. THERE IS NO
MISDEMEANOR. THERE IS NO
BRIBERY. REMEMBER THEY TRIED TO
EXPLAIN BRIBERY, AND IT TOOK
ALMOST A FULL 5 MINUTES. AFTER
SHE WAS DONE, WE DIDN'T HEAR
ANYBODY TALKING ABOUT BRIBERY
ANYMORE AS AN IMPEACHABLE
OFFENSE. WE TALK ABOUT QUID PRO
QUO. THAT WAS PRETTY MUCH OFF
THE TABLE
UNTIL TONIGHT IT'S KIND OF
REVVED BACK UP AGAIN. BUT YOU
DON'T HAVE A SPECIFIC CHARGE
AND YOU USED THE TWO  AMORPHUS
WEAK AREAS. AND YOU HAVE TRIED
DEFINITE AVENUES FOR THREE YEARS
NOW. I AM REMINDED THAT ONE OF
MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER SIDE
SAID YOU WANT TRUMP TO BE
SOMETHING HE ISN'T. IN REALITY
IS, THAT'S PROJECTION. THE
REALITY IS YOU WANT HIM TO BE
SOMETHING HE ISN'T. THAT'S WHY
YOU ARE TRYING TO IMPEACH HIM
AND WHY YOU TRIED ALL KINDS OF
THEORIES THAT HAVE ALL FALLEN
FLAT. THE BIG ONE WAS THE
MUELLER -- THE MUELLER
IMPEACHMENT. YOU REALLY WANTED
THAT ONE. IT DIDN'T WORK SO
WELL. IT DIDN'T WORK SO WELL
BECAUSE THERE WAS NOTHING THERE.
I WILL SAY SOMETHING ABOUT
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY AND THIS
DISCUSSION WITH THE PRESIDENT.
HE, HIMSELF, PRESIDENT ZELENSKY
WITHOUT INSTIGATION IN THIS
CONVERSATION AT ALL, ABOUT
AMBASSADOR YOVANOVITCH AFTER SHE
WAS RECALLED SAID HER ATTITUDE
TOWARDS ME WAS FAR FROM THE
BEST. SHE ADMIRED THE PREVIOUS
PRESIDENT AND SHE WAS ON HIS
SIDE. THIS IS THE
ANTI-CORRUPTION CRUSADER
THAT YOU KEEP TALKING ABOUT.
THEN YOU TALK ABOUT PRESIDENT
PORASCHENKO BEING CORRUPT. I AM
NOT SAYING HE WASN'T. BUT
PRESIDENT ZELENSKY SAID THAT
YOVANOVITCH WAS ON HIS SIDE. SHE
WOULD NOT ACCEPT ME AS THE NEW
PRESIDENT WELL ENOUGH. THE
REASON I BRING THAT UP IS
BECAUSE YOU HAVE REPEATEDLY SAID
THERE IS NOTHING CONTESTED HERE.
THE FACTS ARE NOT CONTESTED. I
GO BACK TO SOMETHING I THINK IS
VERY IMPORTANT. ALL THE
INTERFERENCES YOU'VE DRAWN HAVE
BEEN DESIGNED TO GO AGAINST THIS
PRESIDENT AND PAINT HIM IN THE
LIGHT LEAST  FAVORABLE, AND
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU TRIED TO
PROJECT HIM INTO BEING SOMETHING
YOU WANT HIM TO BE. BUT WHEN YOU
LOOK AT THE FACTS AND DIRECT
EVIDENCE, THE DIRECT EVIDENCE IS
REAL CLEAR. UKRAINE RECEIVED THE
AID, PROVIDED NOTHING IN TURN.
AND THEY STATED -- PRESIDENT
ZELENSKY AND THE FOREIGN
MINISTER SAID THEY FELT NO
PRESSURE. THERE WAS NO
PRESSURE THERE. EVEN AMBASSADOR
SOUND  SONDLAND WHO YOU RELIED
ON 600 TIMES IN YOUR EFFORT
SAID, HEY, NOBODY TOLD ME. I
JUST PRESUMED IT. YOU DON'T HAVE
A CASE. YOU NEVER HAD A CASE.
YOU JUST WANTED TO HAVE A CASE.
AND THAT'S THE SADNESS ABOUT IT.
YOU'RE IMPEACHING HIM BECAUSE
YOU WANTED TO FOR THREE YEARS.
YOU CAN'T BEAT HIM IN A
REELECTION. YOU ARE NOT GOING TO
BEAT HIM IN A RE-ELECTION AND
YOU ARE GOING TO IMPEACHMENT.
THAT IS A TRAGEDY FOR AMERICA. I
YIELD
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELDS BACK.
>> MOVE TO STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
>> GENTLEMAN IS RECOGNIZED.
>> THANK YOU, MR. CHAIR. WITH
MUCH RESPECT TO MY COLLEAGUE WHO
QUOTED JAMES MADISON, THERE
WAS A DESCRIPTION OF ABUSIVE
POWER AMORPHOUS BY SOMEONE AND
NEBULAS USED BY A COLLEAGUE, AND
I OFFER YOU THE FOLLOWING QUOTE.
THAT IS LIBERTY MAY BE
ENDANGERED BY THE ABUSE OF
LIBERTY BUT ALSO BY THE ABUSE
OF POWER. THAT QUOTE IS FROM
JAMES MADISON. THE PART OF THE
DEBATE THAT IS SO FRUSTRATING
FOR ME, AND I THINK A LOT OF
AMERICANS WATCHING TONIGHT IS
THE DIMINISHMENT OF THE PUBLIC
SERVICE PATRIOTS WHO STEPPED
FORWARD AND PROVIDED THE
EVIDENCE THAT DEMONSTRATES THAT
THE PRESIDENT ABUSED HIS POWER.
PEOPLE LIKE COLONEL VINDMAN WHO
SERVED HIS COUNTRY BRAVELY
OVERSEES, PEOPLE LIKE AMBASSADOR
BILL TAYLOR, A WEST POINT
GRADUATE, A VIETNAM VETERAN.
PEOPLE LIKE DR. FIONA HILL,
PEOPLE LIKE LAURA COOPER,
OFFICIAL AFTER
OFFICIAL AFTER OFFICIAL FROM THE
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION. THESE
INDIVIDUALS SERVED IN THE
PRESIDENT'S ADMINISTRATION.
AMBASSADOR TAYLOR WAS NOT
APPOINTED BY PRESIDENT OBAMA. HE
WAS APPOINTED BY PRESIDENT
TRUMP. SO I WOULD HOPE THAT MY
COLLEAGUES, AS WE PROCEED WITH
THE SOLEMN DUTY THAT THIS
COMMITTEE IS CHARGED WITH, THAT
WE RESPECT THE PEOPLE WHO CAME
FORWARD WHO HAVE SERVED UNDER
THE REPUBLICAN AND DEMOCRATIC
ADMINISTRATION TO TELL THE TRUTH
UNDER OATH AND TO HELP THIS
COMMITTEE AS IT SEEKS TO HOLD
THIS ADMINISTRATION ACCOUNTABLE.
AND WITH THAT, I YIELD TO MS.
LAUGHLIN FROM CALIFORNIA.
>> I THANK YOU, MR.NEGUSE. I WAS
>>> WILLING TO LISTEN TO THE
DEBATE AND MOST OF US ARE
LAWYERS BUT OUR FOUNDING
FATHERS, CONSIDERING THE CODE
PRECEDENT IN THE McCONNELL CASE
AND
THE SUPREME COURT CASE AS
PRECEDENT IN 1789 IS RIDICULOUS.
MR. NEG USE
IS POINTING OUT WHAT  FOUNDING
FATHER HIS IN MIND AND THAT HIGH
CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS WERE THE
ACTIONS THAT THE PRESIDENT USE
WITH THE EXTRAORDINARY POWER HE
WAS GIVEN UNDER THE INSTITUTION
TO SUBVERT THE CONSTITUTIONAL
ORDER, PREVENT THE
CONSTITUTIONAL SYSTEM FROM
WORKING, AND THAT IS THE CONCERN
THAT WE HAVE HERE, NOT ONLY THAT
THE PRESIDENT HAS DONE THAT BUT
THAT HE IS NOT CONTRITE. HE IS
NOT CORRECTING HIS BEHAVIOR. HE
IS CONTINUING TO DO IT. HE IS
PRESENTING AN ONGOING THREAT. HE
WILL CONTINUE TO SUBVERT THE
CONSTITUTIONAL ORDER. SO I THANK
MR. NEGUSE FOR YIELDING TO ME ON
THE IDEA THAT THIS COURT DATE
WOULD HAVE
BEEN PRECEDENT IN 1789. I YIELD
BACK.
>> MR. NEGUSE?
>> I YIELD THE BALANCE OF MY
TIME.
>> THANK YOU, AND I WANT TO
REMIND MY COLLEAGUES WE HAVE
INTRODUCED INTO THE RECORD A
LETTER FROM 500 LEGAL SCHOLARS
THAT REALLY REINFORCED THE POINT
MR. NEGUSE JUST MADE, AND
IMPEACHMENT IS CONDUCT THAT
CORRUPTS  ELECTIONS. IF A
PRESIDENT BEHAVES POORLY, HE CAN
BE PUNISHED BY HIS PARTY OR AT
THE POLLS. BUT THE PRESIDENT
LOOKS TO PLACE HIMSELF BEYOND
THE REACH OF THE POLITICAL
CHECK. GEORGE MASON DECIDES
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES AS ATTEMPTS
TO SUBVERT THE CONSTITUTION BY
WHICH CONSTITUTION MAKES THE
DEMOCRAT ACCOUNTABLE, AND IF THE
PRESIDENT CHEATS IN HISSISTS OF
REELECTION IS NO REMEDY AT ALL.
THIS IS WHAT IMPEACHMENT IS FOR.
I ASK MY REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES,
HOW MANY OF YOU WOULD ALLOW OR
SOLICIT A FOREIGN POWER TO HELP
WITH AN ELECTION? PLEASE RAISE
YOUR HAND? NOT ONE OF YOU. YOU
KNOW IT WOULD CORRUPT THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE TO DECIDE WHO
WOULD REPRESENT THEM IN THE
CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED
STATES. I WAS MAYOR OF
PROVIDENCE, LIKE IF I GOT A
FEDERAL GRANT
OF $1
MILLION --
>> GENTLEMAN, GENTLEMAN?
GENTLEMAN?
>> MR. CHAIRMAN?
>> THE TIME HAS EXPIRED.
>> I HAVE MOVE TO STRIKE THE
LAST WORD.
>> NO. YOU HAVE ALREADY SPOKEN.
THE QUESTION IS NOW ON THE
AMENDMENT. THOSE IN FAVOR SAY
AYE. OPPOSED NO?
>> NO.
>> THE NAYS HAVE IT.
>> ROLL CALL?
>> THE CLERK WILL CALL THE ROLL.
>> MR. NADLER VOTES NO.
>> MS. LOFGREN VOTES NO.
>> MS. JACKSON LEE
>> MS. JACKSON LEE VOTES NO.
>> MR. COHEN. MR. COHEN VOTES
NO. MR.
JOHNSON? MR. JOHNSON VOTES NO.
MR. DEUTCH? DR. DEUTCH VOTES NO.
MS. RICHMOND? NO. MS.
RICHMOND
VOTES NO. MR. LOU?
MR.CORREA VOTES NO. MISS SCANLON
VOTES NO. MISCELLANEOUS GARCIA
VOTES
NO. MR. NEGUSE VOTES NO. MR.
STAN TONIGHT VOTES NO.
>>>
PENDING BEFORE THE COMMITTEE IS
IN NATURE OF A SUBSTITUTE.
STRIKE THE LAST WORD ON THE
AMENDMENT IN THE NATURE OF
SUBSIDY.
>> GENTLEMEN IS A RECOGNIZE.
>> CHAIRMAN. THIS IS GOING TO BE
THE LAST OF A VERY LONG DAY THAT
WE HAVE HAD. I WOULD LIKE TO
COMMEND THE CHAIRMAN FOR
FOLLOWING THE RULES. THIS MARKUP
HAS BEEN A LOT BETTER THAN IT
COULD HAVE BEEN. AND I THINK THE
CHAIRMAN HAS BEEN VERY EVEN
HANDED. THE CHAIRMAN
AND THOSE ON HIS SIDE OF THE
AISLE ARE DEAD WRONG. NOT ALL OF
THE ISSUES THAT WE HAVE BEEN
DEBATING. THE
PRESIDENT CAN BE IMPEACHED FOR
HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS.
IT'S OBVIOUS THAT THERE WAS NO
PRISONER BRIBERY ALLEGED. IT
GOES DOWN TO WHAT HAS BEEN
ALLEGED IN THESE TWO ARTICLES.
WHETHER THEY ARE HIGH CRIMES AND
MISDEMEANORS. I WOULD SUBMIT THE
ANSWER ON BOTH IS EMPHATICALLY
NO. WHAT IS ACCUSED OF BEING AN
ABUSE OF POWER? IN MY OPINION A
POLICY DISAGREEMENT
ON HOW THE PRESIDENT SHOULD'VE
APPROACHED THE ISSUES OUTLINED
THERE. LET ME SAY
AS FAR AS FOREIGN AID GOES. AND
THE ISSUE OF THE $391 MILLION OF
FOREIGN AID TO UKRAINE IS WHAT
IS IN THE CENTER. PRACTICALLY
EVERY BIT OF FOREIGN AID THAT
THE UNITED STATES DISBURSES
FOLLOWING AN APPROPRIATION IS
CONTINGENT UPON SOMETHING
ONE OF THE COMMON THREADS IS
WHETHER OR NOT THERE IS ANY TYPE
OF CORRUPTION INVOLVED.
WE HAVE ALL CONCEDED THAT
UKRAINE HAS BEEN A PRETTY
CORRUPT COUNTRY. AND THAT
PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY WAS
ELECTED ON AN ANTICORRUPTION
PLATFORM.
THE PRESENT WOULD BE DERELICT IN
HIS DUTY IF HE HAD GIVEN FOREIGN
AID WITHOUT CHECKING ON
CORRUPTION
. THAT IS WHAT WAS GOING ON. AS
FAR AS OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS.
EARLIER TODAY I
TALKED A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THE
FACT THAT THIS ARTICLE IS
DRAFTED SO LOOSELY AND SO WEAKLY
THAT IT TURNS THE UNITED STATES
INTO A PARLIAMENTARY FORM OF
GOVERNMENT. THE CONSEQUENCE OF
THAT. WHENEVER WE HAVE A PRESENT
IN THE MAJORITY HOUSE CONTROLLED
BY OPPOSITE PARTIES. YOU WILL
ATTEMPT TO SEE THE MAJORITY TRY
TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT. WHAT I
WOULD LIKE TO SAY. WE HAVE HEARD
AN AWFUL LOT ABOUT THE FACT THAT
IF
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP IS NOT
IMPEACHED. THAT HE WILL STILL
THE 2020 ELECTION. THAT IS ONE
OF THE MOST OUTLANDISH
PREDICTIONS I HAVE EVER HEARD.
THE 2020 ELECTION IS GOING TO
LOOK AT VERY CLOSELY. BY
REPRESENTING THE BOTH OF THE
CANDIDATES. THE NEWS MEDIA AND
BY A LOT OF CITIZENS. WHETHER
THEY ARE INVOLVED WITH THE
CAMPAIGN OR NOT. AND THAT'S
GOING TO BE HARD TO STEAL THE
2020 ELECTION AFTER ALL OF THIS
HAS HAPPENED. WHAT HAPPENING
HERE. IS THERE IS ANY ATTEMPT TO
STEAL THE 2016 ELECTION THREE
YEARS AFTER THE FACT. IF
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP IS
IMPEACHED AND REMOVED FROM
OFFICE BASED ON THIS FLIMSY
RECORD. ALL THE PROBLEMS OF
EXTINGUISHING MINORITY RIGHTS.
THAT WILL END UP STEALING THE
2016 ELECTION. AND AVOIDING THAT
THE VOTES OF THE
63 MILLION PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP FOR
PRESENT UNITED STATES. I THINK
THAT WILL BE SOMETHING THAT WILL
HAUNT THIS COUNTRY FOR DECADES
TO COME. THE TIME TO STAND UP
FOR THE CONSTITUTION IS NOW.
THE TIME TO DETERMINE HOW YOU
STAND UP TO THE CONSTITUTION IS
BY VOTING NO ON BOTH ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. AND I YIELD BACK
THE BALANCE OF MY TIME.
>> STRIKE THE LAST WORD.
BUT THE GENTLEMAN IS A
RECOGNIZE.
>> I JOIN IN COMMENDING THE
CHAIRMAN ON HIS RUNNING OF THE
COMMITTEE TONIGHT. IT'S BEEN
VERY DIFFICULT. IT'S BEEN A VERY
LONG DAY. WE ARE ALL TIRED. AT
LEAST I AM. THE CHAIRMAN HAS
DONE A GREAT JOB. I TOTALLY
DISAGREE WITH THE SUMMATION OF
WHAT WE HAD BEFORE US. I THINK
THEY ARE DEAD WRONG IN THEIR
OPINION ON THE ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. THERE ARE TWO
ARTICLES. THIS IS NOT STEALING
AN ELECTION. IF
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP IS
REMOVED FROM OFFICE. THE
ELECTION OF 2016 IS NOT
NULLIFIED.
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE WILL
BE THE PRESIDENT AND THAT IS NO
WALK IN THE PARK. THE SAME
POLICIES, SOME MAY BE WORSE.
MAYBE A LITTLE BETTER ETHICS,
MORALS, AND CIVILITY.
AS FOR POLITICS IT WILL BE THE
SAME. THERE'S BEEN A LOT OF
DISCUSSION. BASICALLY THIS IS AN
ISSUE ABOUT ABUSE OF POWER BASED
ON TESTIMONY OF
FOUR INDEPENDENT WITNESSES.
PEOPLE WE SHOULD LOOK TOO.  WE
TALK ABOUT THEM AS PATRIOTS.
THEY ARE CAREER FOREIGN SERVICE
EMPLOYEES WHO'VE DONE A GREAT
JOB. IN THE
CAME FORWARD OUT OF A SENSE OF
DUTY TO TESTIFY. AND WHAT THEY
TESTIFIED TO IS WHAT HAPPENED
WITH THAT UKRAINE WAS WRONG.
THAT THERE WAS AN ABUSE OF
POWER. THAT'S WHY THEY CAME
FORWARD. TO SAY THAT THE WHOLE
PROCESS IS CORRUPT IS AN AFFRONT
TO THOSE FOUR PATRIOTS THAT CAME
FOR. THOSE OF FOUR CAREER
FOREIGN SERVICE PEOPLE. THEY DID
A SERVICE TO THIS COUNTRY.  THE
FACTS ARE INDISPUTABLE. WHAT
HAPPENED WAS CALLED
A FAVOR. AND
THEY SAID THEY WERE ALL IN ON.
IT WAS A REQUIREMENT TO GET THE
MILITARY AID YOU HAVE TO
ANNOUNCE INVESTIGATION. THERE IS
NOTHING OTHER THAN THAT. WE HAVE
BEEN HERE THE LAST FEW HOURS.
THEY USE IT AS A CAMPAIGN AD FOR
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP.
SNAP PAYMENTS ARE BEING CUT
DRASTICALLY AND POOR PEOPLE ARE
BEING HURT.
BOB CORKER SAID THE TWO BIGGEST
MISTAKES HE MADE WERE VOTING FOR
THE
TAX SCAM AND THE BUDGET THAT
CAME AFTERWARDS. SOMEBODY ON THE
OTHER SIDE TALKED ABOUT HOW WE
NEED TO BE UP HERE. THEY HAVE
EXPLODED THE DEBT. THEY HAVE NO
TRADITIONAL PHILOSOPHY
WHATSOEVER.
THE KURDS HAVE RUINED US IN THE
MIDDLE EAST FOREVER. WE GAVE
ASSYRIA TO THE RUSSIANS. AND
YESTERDAY
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP MET WITH
THE RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR. NO
REPORT OF WHAT THEY TALKED ABOUT
HE SAID YOU SHOULD TRY TO
INFLUENCE THE NEXT ELECTIONS.
THEY SAID WE DID DISCUSS THE
ELECTIONS. IT'S HARD TO FIGURE
OUT WHO IS LYING? MADE OF THEM
HAVE A GOOD TRACK RECORD.
I HOPE WE CAN PASS THESE
ARTICLES AND DO WHAT IS
IMPORTANT TO PROTECT
OUR DEMOCRACY, SUPPORT OUR OATH.
ABIDE BY OUR OATH. SUPPORT THE
CONSTITUTION AND OUR NATIONAL
SECURITY. ALL OF WHICH HAVE BEEN
JEOPARDIZED BY PRESIDENT DONALD
TRUMP
AND HIS DEALINGS WITH UKRAINE. I
SAID EARLIER TODAY THAT THE
PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE WAS AN
ACTOR AND A POLITICIAN.
A LOT OF ACTORS ARE GREAT. I
LOVE ACTORS AND POLITICIANS. I
AM A POLITICIAN. THAT IS WHY HE
COULD NOT SAY HE WAS UNDER ANY
DURESS OR INFLUENCE. HE COULDN'T
SAY THAT BECAUSE HE'S IN AN
INFERIOR POSITION. HE CAN'T SAY
HE BEAT ME UP. BECAUSE HE'S
THERE. AND WHEN THE POLICE LEAVE
HE WILL DO IT AGAIN.
HE WAS IN A TERRIBLE POSITION. I
LOOK FORWARD TO MEETING HIM. I
WILL BE IN UKRAINE IN FEBRUARY.
I THINK IT'S GOING TO DO A
WONDERFUL JOB. FOR SOME PEOPLE
WHO SAY THAT UKRAINE WAS THE
THIRD WORST COUNTRY IN THE
WORLD. IT'S 120th IN THE
RANKINGS.
NOT GOOD BUT NOT THE THIRD
WORST. I YIELD BACK THE BALANCE
OF MY TIME. GOD BLESS THE UNITED
STATES OF AMERICA. BUT GENTLEMEN
YIELD THE BACK. WE ALL SHARE
THOSE SENTIMENTS. WHO ELSE SEEKS
RECOGNITION? WHAT PURPOSE?
>> THANK YOU. MR. CHAIRMAN. I
HAVE TO RESPOND TO THE GENTLEMAN
FROM TENNESSEE. I WOULD START
OFF BY SAYING THAT I REALLY LIKE
MR. ON. WE'VE WORKED ON A NUMBER
OF
BILLS. BUT HE'S FLAT-OUT WRONG
ABOUT THE TAXES. THEY REALLY
HELP THIS COUNTRY. ONE OF THE
MAIN REASONS WE SEE THE ECONOMY
TAKE OFF.
THE PRESIDENT AND A REPUBLICAN
CONGRESS PASS THOSE
IT'S A BIG DIFFERENCE. RELATIVE
TO IMPEACHMENT. BACK IN THE
EARLY 1970S. I WAS A COLLEGE
STUDENT. THE NATION WAS GOING
THROUGH ANOTHER IMPEACHMENT. I
VOTED FOR
HIM IN 1972. OBVIOUSLY HE GOT IN
TROUBLE AND WAS GOING TO BE
IMPEACHED. HE RESIGNED
BEFORE THE HOUSE TO GET UP.
LITTLE DID I KNOW THAT AT 25
YEARS LATER THAT THE NATION
WOULD BE GOING THROUGH ANOTHER
IMPEACHMENT. AND THAT WAS BILL
CLINTON. AND THAT I WOULD BE
CLOSELY INVOLVED IN THAT. OF THE
41 PEOPLE INVOLVED IN THAT
COMMITTEE. FIVE OF US WERE HERE
IN THOSE DAYS.
SOME OF THE FOLKS ON THE OTHER
SIDE WILL GET THE OPPORTUNITY.
AND GOOD LUCK.
HE SAID WERE NOT GOING TO BE
VERY WELCOME OVER THERE. AND WE
WEREN'T.
BILL CLINTON WAS IMPEACHED BY
THE HOUSE. IN THE SENATE DID NOT
REMOVE HIM FROM OFFICE.
BILL CLINTON COMMITTED PERJURY.
I DON'T THINK THE PRESIDENT
SHOULD BE ABOVE THE LAW.
THE MEMBERS FILED ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT.
THIS IN MY VIEW IS ALL ABOUT
POLITICS. ALL ABOUT HURTING THE
PRESIDENT AND HIS REPUTATION.
THEY DISLIKE HIM INTENTIONALLY.
THEY
LOATHE THIS PRESIDENT AND THEY
ARE HURTING HIS CHANCES IN THE
NEXT ELECTION AND IT MAY DO JUST
THE OPPOSITE. ONE OF MY REAL
CONCERNS. I MENTION THIS EARLIER
TODAY. I'M VERY CONCERNED.
DEMOCRATS ARE LOWERING THE BAR
FOR IMPEACHING THE PRESIDENT IN
THE FUTURE. IT'S BECOMING
TOO ROUTINE. WE'VE HAD
ONE IMPEACHMENT INTO HUNDRED
YEARS. ANDREW JOHNSON. AND IN 50
YEARS RUN A THIRD ONE. I AM
CONCERNED FROM NOW ON IN ALL
LIKELIHOOD WHEN YOU HAVE THE
PRESENT UNITED STATES AND THE
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES IN
THEIR OPPOSITE PARTIES. YOU WILL
END UP WITH THE BASE PUSHING
VERY HARD TO IMPEACH THAT
PRESIDENT. IT IS A VERY DIVISIVE
FOR THE NATION. SO MANY OTHER
THINGS DON'T GET DONE. OPIOIDS
ARE OVER 70,000. WE'VE DONE VERY
LITTLE ABOUT OPIOIDS.
DOING SOMETHING ABOUT THE
SOUTHERN BORDER. FAR TOO MANY
PEOPLE COME IN. OVERALL IN
CONGRESS THE INFRASTRUCTURE IS
CRUMBLING. WE DO VERY LITTLE
ABOUT THAT.
I THINK THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
DESERVE A LOT BETTER THAN WHAT
THEY ARE GETTING FROM THIS
COMMITTEE AND THIS CONGRESS.
I WANT TO THANK THE FOLKS OUT
THERE, GOD BLESS AMERICA PICS
BUT GENTLEMEN YOUR TIME IS
EXPIRED.
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> GENTLEMEN IS A WRECK NICE.
BUT MR. CHAIRMAN. I WANT TO
START BY AGREEING THAT IT IS THE
RIGHT TIME TO DEFEND THE
CONSTITUTION. THAT'S THE VERY
REASON WE ARE HERE. THERE ARE
TWO ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT.
ABUSE OF POWER. THE PRESIDENT
ABUSED HIS POWER BY
CHEATING THE AMERICAN VOTERS.
HOW DID HE DO IT? HE LEVERAGED
LIFE SAVING
, TAXPAYER-FUNDED MILITARY AID
THAT UKRAINE DESPERATELY NEEDED.
HE LEVERAGED A WHITE HOUSE
MEETING THAT HE PROMISED TO THE
PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE. THAT
PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY
DESPERATELY NEEDED TO SHOW
VLADIMIR
PUTIN THAT THE UNITED STATES IS
WILLING TO STAND WITH UKRAINE.
HE LEVERAGED THAT MEETING FOR
ASSISTANCE IN HIS REELECTION
CAMPAIGN. THAT IS ABUSE OF POWER
. MY COLLEAGUES SUGGESTED THAT
ABUSE OF POWER IS NOT A SERIOUS
OFFENSE.
NOT TREATED LIKE THE
CONSTITUTIONAL VIOLATION THAT IT
IS. THE ABUSE OF POWER WAS
PRINCIPAL CONCERN TO THE FRAMERS
OF THE CONSTITUTION. IT WAS
CLEAR WHAT IT MEANT. OBTAINING A
PERSONAL BENEFIT WHILE IGNORING
THE NATIONAL INTEREST. THAT'S
ABUSE OF POWER. IT IS ROOTED IN
THE PRESIDENT'S CONSTITUTIONAL
DUTY TO FAITHFULLY EXECUTE THE
LAW. TO PUT SERVICE OVER SELF,
THE COUNTRY OVER PERSONAL
INTEREST. I NOTE THAT ALL FOUR
OF THE CONSTITUTION SCHOLARS WHO
TESTIFIED. HAVE CONFIRMED THAT
ABUSE OF POWER IS IN IMPEACHABLE
OFFENSE. PRESIDENT DONALD
TRUMP'S ACTIONS EXEMPLIFY THE
FRAMERS FEARS AND THE VERY
REASON ABUSE OF POWER IS A HIGH
CRIME.
WORSENED THE NIXON. PRESIDENT
DONALD TRUMP PRESSURED A FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT. THAT IS ABUSE OF
POWER. THERE IS A SECOND ARTICLE
. OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS. WE
KNOW THAT NO PRESIDENT IN
HISTORY HAS DIRECTED THE ENTIRE
EXECUTIVE
BRANCH TO NOT COOPERATE. HAS
TOLD EVERY MEMBER OF THE
EXECUTIVE BRANCH TO NOT SPEAK TO
ANY OF THE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY
ISSUES.
THE QUESTION IS WHEN YOU LOOK AT
THE ABUSE OF POWER WHICH THE
CONSTITUTIONAL VIOLATION. AND
YOU LOOK AT THE PRESENCE
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS. IT
LEADS TO QUESTIONS THAT I WOULD
LIKE MY COLLEAGUES TO THINK
ABOUT AS WE HEAD TOWARDS IS
IMPORTANT BOAT. THINK ABOUT THE
PEOPLE THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS
BLOCKED FROM SPEAKING. MICK
MULVANEY THE ACTING CHIEF OF
STAFF ACKNOWLEDGED
THE QUID PRO QUO. THEN THE
PRESIDENT WOULD NOT LET HIM
SPEAK. THAT'S OBSTRUCTION OF
CONGRESS. WHY WON'T HE LET HIM
SPEAK? WHAT DOES HE HAVE TO HIDE
THINK ABOUT SECRETARY.. LED BY
RUDY GIULIANI.
THAT CONTRIBUTES TO THE ABUSE OF
POWER, IT HIGHLIGHTS THE ABUSE
OF POWER. IT IS ALSO OBSTRUCTION
OF CONGRESS. WHY WON'T THE
PRESIDENT ALLOW HIM TO SPEAK?
WHAT IS HE AFRAID OF? THINK
ABOUT
JOHN BOLTON. FIONA HILL SAID
THAT BOLTON TOLD HER TO NOTIFY
HIM ABOUT THE ROGUE EFFORT. FAIN
I'M NOT PART OF ANY DRUG DEAL.
HE CALLED RUDY GIULIANI
TO HANG GRENADE THAT'S GOING TO
BLOW EVERYBODY UP. THAT IS THE
ABUSE OF POWER. OBSTRUCTION OF
CONGRESS IS CLEAR. WHY WON'T THE
PRESIDENT LET HIM TESTIFY. AND
FINALLY JOHN EISENBERG. IT WAS
REPORTED AND NOW HE CANNOT
SPEAK. WHAT IS IT THAT THE
PRESIDENT IS AFRAID HE WILL SAY.
ABUSE OF POWER AND OBSTRUCTION
OF CONGRESS TOGETHER. THAT IS
WHAT THESE ARTICLES ARE ABOUT.
WE ARE PROTECTING THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE IN OUR ELECTIONS. THAT IS
WHY WE NEED TO
PROCEED WITH ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. I YIELD BACK.
>> THE GENTLEMAN YIELD BACK.
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> I BEEN A PROSECUTOR, I
PROSECUTED TERRORISTS IN THE
NAVY. I WAS A DEFENSE ATTORNEY.
I DEFENDED A NAVY SEAL AGAINST
TRUMPED UP CHARGES FROM THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION. AND I HAD
THE HONOR OF SERVING IN MY
HOMETOWN I'VE BEEN IN ALL SIDES
OF THE COURTROOM. AND I WOULD
DEFEND THIS CASE EVERY SINGLE
DAY. BECAUSE THE FACTS ARE NOT
THERE. LET'S GO THROUGH EACH
ARTICLE. ABUSE OF POWER OR QUID
PRO QUO, BRIBERY.
CALL IT WHATEVER YOUR FOCUS
GROUP WANTS TO CALL. AT THE END
OF THE DAY YOU DO NOT HAVE THE
FACTS TO MAKE THE CASE. YOU
DON'T HAVE THE FAX BECAUSE THE
OTHER PARTY IN YOUR LEGEND QUID
PRO QUO NEVER FELT
PRESSURE. WE HAVE A PRIMARY
SOURCE DOCUMENT. THE PRIMARY
SOURCE OF INFORMATION. THE
TRANSCRIPT OF THE CALL. IT SHOWS
THERE IS NO CONNECTION. WE ALSO
HAVE THE OTHER PARTY WHO SAID AT
NO TIME DID THE UKRAINIANS FEEL
ANY PRESSURE TO HAVE AN
INVESTIGATION. WE KNOW THAT NO
INVESTIGATION OF BIDEN EVER TOOK
PLACE. WE ALSO KNOW THAT THE
AIDE WAS GIVEN TO UKRAINE.
THEY NEVER KNEW IT WAS UNDER
REVIEW. AID THE CAME IN THE FORM
OF A JAVELIN THE MISSILES. NOT
WHAT THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION GAVE WHICH
WERE WELL WISHES AND BLANKETS.
THERE IS NO CASE FOR ABUSE OF
POWER. OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS.
THIS IS NOT RIGHT. ONLY WILL
LENDERS HAVE BEEN SENT. THERE IS
NO SUBPOENA. HOW THIS WORKS IS A
SUBPOENA IS ISSUED. THE
EXECUTIVE BRANCH EXERCISES THEIR
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE. JUST LIKE
OBAMA DID. AND IN THE COURT
DECIDES. THE COURTS HAVE NEVER
DECIDE THIS. WHERE IS
OBSTRUCTION? IT DOESN'T EXIST
. I WOULD DEFEND THIS EVERY
SINGLE DAY. AS A JUDGE I WOULD
DO MISS IT DISMISSIVE FOR LACK
OF MERIT. YOU CANNOT MAKE OUT
WHAT WE CALL
A PRIME CASE. IT WOULD BE
DISMISSED ON DAY ONE IN A
COURTROOM. I WILL TELL YOU WHICH
CASE I WOULD PROSECUTE. I WOULD
PROSECUTE
SHIFT FOR ABUSE OF POWER. HOW
ABOUT THE FACT THAT YOU
SUBPOENAED PHONE RECORDS FROM A
MEMBER OF CONGRESS. THAT HE
SINGLED OUT NUNEZ PHONE NUMBER
AND LEAK THAT. THAT HE DUMPED
8000 PAGES ON THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE 48 HOURS
BEFORE WE HAD A HEARING. THAT IS
ABUSE OF POWER. AND THAT IS WHAT
I WOULD PROSECUTE EVERY DAY OF
THE WEEK. OBSTRUCTION. I WOULD
PROSECUTE THE DEMOCRATS FOR
OBSTRUCTION OF CONGRESS. I HAD A
MOTION TO SUBPOENA THE
WHISTLEBLOWER.
YOU CANNOT POINT TO ANY STATUTE.
THERE IS NO STATUTE GIVING THAT
WHISTLEBLOWER THE RIGHT TO BE
ANONYMOUS. IT DOES NOT EXIST. NO
MATTER WHAT YOU SAY. I HAD A
MOTION TO SUBPOENA THE
WHISTLEBLOWER TWO WEEKS AGO.
THAT WAS DENIED. I NEVER GOT MY
SUBPOENA. IT WAS DONE IN
PARTISAN FASHION. THAT IS THE
OBSTRUCTION THAT I WOULD
PROSECUTE EVERY SINGLE DAY. THAT
IS A LEGAL ANALYSIS. THIS IS
NOTHING MORE THAN A POLITICAL
HIT
JOB. THANKS. I YIELD THE
REMAINDER MY TIME. GENTLEMAN
YIELD THE BACK.
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> THE LADY IS WRECK NICE.
>> I WANT TO REITERATE THAT THIS
IS NOT ABOUT DISAGREEMENTS WITH
THE PRESIDENT
POLICIES, PERSONALITIES , OR
TWEETS. WE ARE NOT JUDGING THE
PRESIDENT HIMSELF. WE ARE
JUDGING HIS ACTIONS. I
UNDERSTAND THAT HE
RAN TO DISRUPT THE GOVERNMENT.
MY PROBLEM IS THAT HE WENT
FURTHER BY ABUSING HIS POWER. HE
ENDANGERED OUR ELECTIONS IN OUR
NATIONAL SECURITY. HE REMAINS AN
ONGOING THREAT TO BOTH. HE IS
SHOWN A PATTERN OF INVITING
FOREIGN INTERFERENCE AND TRYING
TO COVER IT UP. HE IS
THREATENING TO DO IT AGAIN.
WE HAVE HEARD A LOT OF LOOSE
TALK ABOUT WHAT EVIDENCE WE HAVE
OR DO NOT HAVE. THERE IS PLENTY
OF DIRECT EVIDENCE OF THE
PRESENCE OF WRONGDOING. HIS JULY
25 CALL
WHERE HE SAID TO THE PRESIDENT
OF UKRAINE I WANT YOU TO DO US A
FAVOR AND THEN REQUESTED
INVESTIGATIONS INTO HIS
POLITICAL RIVAL IN A DEBUNKED
CONSPIRACY THEORY.
WE HAVE THE TESTIMONY OF HIS
EMPLOYEES.
ABOUT THE MAY 23 MEETING WHERE
THE PRESIDENT SAID TALK TO RUDY
GIULIANI. WE HAVE TESTIMONY OF
THREE FIRST-HAND WITNESSES TO
THE JULY 25 CALL.  THEY REPORTED
THE CALL TO THEIR SUPERIORS AND
LEGAL CANCEL. WE HAD THE
TESTIMONY OF DAVID HOLMES
OVERHEAR THE PRESIDENT ASK IF
PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY WAS
GOING TO DO THE INVESTIGATION.
WE HAVE THE PRESENCE OF MANY
PUBLIC STATEMENTS. INCLUDING THE
ONE WHERE UKRAINE AND CHINA
SHOULD INVESTIGATE.
THEY SAID THAT WE HAD SOME
DIRECT EVIDENCE ON THE MAY 23
MEETING.
THE SECONDHAND ACCOUNT IS ALSO
EXTENSIVELY CORROBORATED. THEY
BOTH TESTIFIED THAT
TRUMPS HE SAID THAT THERE WAS NO
QUID PRO QUO. BUT THAT PRESIDENT
VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY HAD TO GO TO
THE MICROPHONE AND ANNOUNCE
INVESTIGATIONS. THAT IS GIVING
WITH ONE HAND AND TAKEN AWAY
WITH THE OTHER. HE TESTIFIED
THAT HE HAD NO REASON TO DISPUTE
TAYLOR'S AND MORRISON'S
TESTIMONY. THERE IS A
CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE. THERE
WAS NO EXPLANATION GIVEN FOR THE
PRESIDENT'S DECISION TO WITHHOLD
MILITARY AID THAT HAD BIPARTISAN
SUPPORT FROM CONGRESS. THAT DID
NOT COME UNTIL AFTER THE
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT WERE
FILED. THE UNIFORM CONSENSUS OF
THE STATE DEPARTMENT, AND WHITE
HOUSE
WITNESSES IS THAT THE AGE
SHOULD'VE BEEN RELEASED. GIVEN
THESE FACTS THE ONLY LOGICAL
EXPLANATION AS WAS CONCLUDED IS
THE AIDE WAS BEING USED TO
LEVERAGE PRESSURE ON PRESIDENT
VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY. AT THE END
OF THE DAY. THE EVIDENCE IS
OVERWHELMING AND INDISPUTABLE.
RUDY GIULIANI PUSHED UKRAINE TO
INVESTIGATE HIS POLITICAL RIVAL
IN A DEBUNKED CONSPIRACY THEORY.
HIS EFFORTS HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH U.S. POLICY AND WERE TAKEN
ON THE PRESIDENT'S BEHALF AND
WITH THE PRESIDENT'S KNOWLEDGE.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP DIRECTED
U.S. OFFICIALS AND PRESIDENT
VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY TO WORK WITH
RUDY GIULIANI. HE ORDERED THE
CRITICAL MILITARY AID TO UKRAINE
BE WITHHELD. UKRAINE OFFICIALS
WERE INFORMED THAT THE AID WOULD
NOT BE RELEASED UNLESS PRESIDENT
VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY ANNOUNCED A
INVESTIGATION. PRESIDENT DONALD
TRUMP REFUSED TO RELEASE THE
AIDE UNTIL PRESSURE WAS EXPOSED.
TRUMPS HE REFUSED TO ARRANGE A
MEETING
. AND THEY ADVISED UKRAINIAN
OFFICIALS THAT IT WOULD BE
SCHEDULED AFTER PRESIDENT
VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY COMMITTED TO
THE INVESTIGATIONS. PRESIDENT
DONALD TRUMP IGNORED THE
ANTICORRUPTION TALKING POINTS.
AND ASKED PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR
ZELENSKY TO INVESTIGATE
JOE BIDEN. AND IT STONEWALLED
CONGRESS AND THEIR
INVESTIGATION. WHAT MORE
CAN YOU ASK FOR? WE HAVE A
MISSION FROM THE PRESIDENT,
CORROBORATION FROM PEOPLE HE HAS
APPOINTED.
THE ONLY THING YOU CAN DO IS
STICK YOUR HEAD IN THE SAND IF
YOU'RE NOT WILLING TO SEE WHAT
HAPPENED HERE. WITHOUT I YIELD
TO MY COLLEAGUE FROM FLORIDA. IS
SHE HERE?
>> THANK YOU. TWO SECONDS.
>> THE TIME HAS EXPIRED.
FOR WEEKS MY
DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES TALKED
ABOUT QUID PRO QUO.  AND THEN
BRIBERY. THERE WAS NO PRESSURE.
BOTH
PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY AND
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP SAID THAT
THERE WAS NO PRESSURE. NO VICTIM
. THE AIDE WAS RELEASED AND
THERE WAS NO INVESTIGATION
. THERE WAS NO WHISTLEBLOWER AND
THERE WAS NO ADAM SCHIFF. WE ARE
LEFT WITH ABUSE OF POWER AND
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. WHATEVER
THE MAJORITY WANTS IT TO BE. IF
YOU CANNOT PROVE IT I GUESS YOU
WILL USE ALL OF IT. SO WHY NOT
EXPAND IT ALL THE WAY BACK TO
WHERE IT ALL STARTED.
SPECIAL COUNSEL ROBERT MUELLER.
THIS IS NOTHING MORE THAN A
LEGISLATIVE A DRIVE-BY. MORE
ACCURATELY
THE MAJORITY'S ATTEMPT TO RETURN
TO THE SCENE OF A NON-CRIME.
AFTER TWO YEARS, 19 LAWYERS, 40
AGENTS , 500 WARNS, 2200
SUBPOENAS, AND $30 MILLION.
THERE IS NO WAY THAT THEY CAN
LET AGO. HERE IS A REMINDER. THE
INVESTIGATION DID NOT ESTABLISH
THAT THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN
COORDINATED WITH THE RUSSIAN
GOVERNMENT IN THEIR ELECTION
ACTIVITIES. MUELLER REPORT PAGE
2. THIS HAS BEEN A FOREGONE
CONCLUSION SINCE THE DEMOCRATS
WON THE MAJORITY. THIS IS NEVER
BEEN ABOUT FACTS OR FAIRNESS.
HERE IS WHERE WE ARE, WHERE WE
WERE ALWAYS GOING TO BE. A
PARTISAN IMPEACHMENT THAT WILL
FAIL IN THE SENATE. WITHOUT I
YIELD BACK. BUT THE GENTLEMAN
YIELD BACK.
>> I HAVE LISTENED CAREFULLY TO
THIS VERY LONG DEBATE THIS
EVENING AND THROUGHOUT THE LAST
TWO WEEKS. IT IS IMPORTANT TO
LOOK AT THE
FOUNDATION OF WHAT IT IS WE ARE
DOING HERE. THE FOUNDERS OF NEW
THAT THE POWER GIVEN TO THE
PRESIDENT NEEDED TO HAVE THE
CAPACITY TO BE CURVED IN THE
CASE OF ABUSE. THE FRAMERS OF
THE CONSTITUTION CONSCIOUSLY
ADOPTED A PARTICULAR PHRASE TO
HELP DEFINE THE CONSTITUTIONAL
GROUNDS FOR REMOVAL.
THE CONTENT OF THE PHRASE HIGH
CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS IS
RELATED TO WHAT THE FRAMERS KNEW
ABOUT THE ENGLISH PROJECT. A
BROAD SWEEP OF CONSTITUTIONAL
HISTORY. AND THE VITAL ROLE THAT
IMPEACHMENT PLAYED IN THE
CONTROL OF ABUSES OF JUDICIAL
POWER.
WHEN YOU'RE COMING TO PRIVATE
AFFAIRS IN CRIMINAL LAW. IT'S
POSSIBLE IN ADVANCE TO DEFINE
WHAT YOU CANNOT DO. YOU CANNOT
STEAL MONEY, YOU CANNOT HIT THAT
PERSON.
WHEN YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT THE
ABUSE OF PRESIDENTIAL POWER. YOU
CANNOT DEFINE WHAT A BAD ACTOR
IN THE WHITE HOUSE MIGHT DO.
THEREFORE YOU HAVE THE TERM HIGH
CRIME AND MISDEMEANOR.
IT'S IMPORTANT TO KNOW IN THE
SECOND ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT
AGAINST RICHARD NIXON WAS AN
ARTICLE OF ABUSE OF POWER.
INCLUDING THE POWER VESTED
SOLELY IN THE PRESIDENT TO AID
HIS POLITICAL ALLY, GAIN
ADVANTAGES. HE USED HIS POWER
. IT WAS UNDERTAKEN FOR HIS
PERSONAL POLITICAL ADVANTAGE.
AND NOT A VALID POLITICAL
OBJECTIVE. AGAIN
THE POWERS WERE INCOMPATIBLE
WITH OUR SYSTEM OF
CONSTITUTIONAL GOVERNMENT AND
WARRANTED REMOVAL FROM OFFICE.
WE HAD A SITUATION SIMILAR HERE.
I WANT TO ADDRESS THE ISSUE
RAISED BY MY COLLEAGUE IN OHIO.
I DO AGREE THAT THERE IS A
TENDENCY IN THE COUNTRY THESE
DAYS TO IMMEDIATELY THINK I DO
NOT LIKE THAT. LET'S GO TO
IMPEACHMENT. THAT FRANKLY HAS
BEEN PREVALENT SINCE THE CLINTON
IMPEACHMENT. LYING UNDER OATH IS
A CRIME. LYING ABOUT SEX IS A
SHAME. NEITHER ONE INVOLVES THE
USE OF PRESIDENTIAL POWERS. THE
USE OF IMPEACHMENT IN THAT
INSTANCE
IN THE PROPER WAY WAS NEVER THE
ABUSE OF PRESIDENTIAL POWER.
PUT IN THE MIND THAT THIS IS A
TOOL TO BE USED ABOUT
DISAGREEMENTS OF POLITICAL
POLICY. I VOTED AGAINST THE IRAQ
WAR. SOME PEOPLE THOUGHT WE
SHOULD HAVE ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT ABOUT THAT. THAT DID
NOT UNDERCUT THE CONSTITUTIONAL
ORDER. CONGRESS VOTED. IT WAS A
MISTAKE. BUT THE PRESIDENT AND
THE CONGRESS TOGETHER. IT WAS
NOT THE PRESIDENT USURPING THE
POWERS OF ANOTHER BRANCH OF
GOVERNMENT. HERE WE HAVE A
SITUATION THAT IS SO OBVIOUS.
IF YOU LOOK AT THE FACTS. IT'S
INCONCEIVABLE. THE THINGS I'VE
HEARD TODAY ARE STUNNING TO ME.
THAT YOU COULD REACH A
CONCLUSION AS A DEFENSE COUNSEL.
GRASPING AT STRAWS. THE
PRESIDENT MISUSED HIS
PRESIDENTIAL POWER TO GAIN A
PERSONAL BENEFIT TO THE
DETRIMENT OF THE INTEREST OF THE
UNITED STATES. IT WAS AN ABUSE
OF POWER THAT HARMED US, AND IT
IS ONGOING. IT IS A THREAT TO
THE CONSTITUTIONAL ORDER. IT
MEETS THE DEFINITION OF HIGH
CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS. IT IS
ABUSE OF PRESIDENTIAL POWER
. IT IS OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO
USE THE TOOL THAT OUR FOUNDERS
GAVE US IN THE CONSTITUTION TO
PRESERVE THAT CONSTITUTIONAL
ORDER. WE MUST IMPEACH. I YIELD
BACK. BUT THE GENTLE LADY YIELD
BACK. WHO SEEKS RECOGNITION?
FOR WHAT PURPOSE? BUT TO STRIKE
THE LAST WORD.
>> COMMENTS ABOUT PRESIDENT
CLINTON'S ACTIONS. HE LIED UNDER
OATH, THAT'S PERJURY AND A
CRIME. I UNDERSTAND THE COMMENT
THAT HE WAS NOT ACTING IN HIS
OFFICIAL CAPACITY. THAT WOULD
SET BACK THE ME TOO MOVEMENT.
HAVING SEX WITH AN EMPLOYEE THAT
IS AT MUCH YOUNGER WHEN YOU'RE
PRESENT A NINE STATES. THAT
WAS NOT IN HIS OFFICIAL
CAPACITY? NO MATTER HOW LONG WE
SPENT TODAY, TONIGHT, TOMORROW.
IT DOESN'T MAKE UP FOR THE FACT
THAT WE DID NOT HAVE FACT
WITNESSES. THIS REMINDS ME
HISTORICALLY OF THE TRIAL OF
SOCRATES. HE WAS CONVICTED OF A
JURY OF 501 PEOPLE BECAUSE HE
WAS ARROGANT. IF YOU WANT TO TRY
DONALD TRUMP FOR BEING
ARROGANT. YOU HAVE A LOT OF
REPUBLICANS VOTE WITH YOU ON
THAT. HE IS ARROGANT AND HAS A
LOT TO BE ARROGANT ABOUT. THAT
IS NOT A CRIME, IT'S NOT A HIGH
CRIME, AND IT CERTAINLY IS NOT A
MISDEMEANOR. IT'S BOTHERSOME TO
PEOPLE. SOME PEOPLE LIKE IT.
THAT IS NOT WHAT IMPEACHMENT IS
SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT. TO HAVE A
TRIAL WITH
FEW HEARSAY GOSSIP MONGERING
WITNESSES COMING INTO A
STAR CHAMBER AND SECRETE THEIR
TESTIMONIES OF THE PEOPLE CAN'T
SEE OR HEAR THEM. BUT WE HAVE
ADAM SCHIFF PUT IT TOGETHER
IN A BIG REPORT AND WE RECEIVED
THE REPORT. DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME
TO REPUTED
. THIS IS
A STALL IN PROCEEDING. THAT'S
HOW WORKED UNDER STALIN. YOU
DIDN'T
GET TO FIND OUT WHO THE
WITNESSES WERE. YOU HAVE PEOPLE
COMING IN AND GIVING APPEARANCE.
WE ARE WELL EDUCATED, AND THAT
IS FINE.
GO TO LAW SCHOOL. WHEN YOU HATE
A PERSON LIKE THOSE WITNESSES DO
WITH THE TRUMP. YOU CAN COME IN
AND MISREPRESENT FACTS AND USE
THOSE TO BASE YOUR OPINIONS ON.
THIS IS STARTED BEFORE MUELLER.
IT STARTED WITH CARTER PAGE. HE
WORKED FOR THE CIA TO HELP THEM
AGAINST THE RUSSIANS.
THEY LIED TO THE COURT AND SAY
OH HE WORKED WITH RUSSIANS.
MISREPRESENTED WHO HE IS, WHAT
HE DID AND WHAT A PATRIOT WAS IN
THE GET A WARRANT.
AND THEN AS TIME GOES ON THEY
LIE ABOUT. WHERE DOES THIS COME
FROM? IT CAME FROM HILLARY
CLINTON'S CAMPAIGN. THEY HIRED
A FOREIGNER TO AFFECT OUR
ELECTIONS. AND THEY WORKED WITH
AN AUSTRALIAN, ITALIAN
. CHRISTOPHER STEELE ADMITTED
THAT THOSE PEOPLE WHO GET ME
THAT INFORMATION MAY HAVE BEEN
RUSSIAN. THEY MAY HAVE BEEN
UKRAINIAN. THE MAJORITY DOESN'T
WANT US TO GET THERE.
THE TOP PEOPLE IN THE FBI AND
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
PERVERTED JUSTICE BECAUSE THEY
DID NOT LIKE THE GUY THAT MADE
GET ELECTED. THEY DID EVERYTHING
THEY COULD. THEY USED ALL THE
FOREIGN RESOURCES TO CHANGE THE
OUTCOME OF THE 2016 ELECTION.
WHEN THAT DIDN'T WORK THEY CAME
FORWARD WITH IMPEACHMENT.
IT WASN'T LET'S PROJECT WHAT WE
DID ON THE TRUMP. IT TURNED OUT
HE DIDN'T DO THAT. AND AS MUCH
AS MUELLER AND WISEMAN HATED
TRUMP
THEY COULD NOT FIND ANYTHING TO
USE AGAINST PRESIDENT DONALD
TRUMP. SO WE HAD TO DROP THE
RUSSIAN COLLUSION, TREASON,
OBSTRUCTION
. IT'S NOT OBSTRUCTION OF
JUSTICE WHEN YOU KNOW YOU ARE
INNOCENT. AND THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE IS TRYING TO SET YOU UP.
AND YOU'RE TRYING TO EXPOSE THE
TRUTH. IT WAS OTHERS THAT WERE
OBSTRUCTING THE TRUE JUSTICE.
DENMAN WAS NO HERO.
PRAY FOR MERCY. WE CANNOT AFFORD
JUSTICE OR THE COUNTRY ENDS.
>> DENMAN YIELD BACK.
>> THE LADY IS RECKLESS.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN. FIVE MORE
MINUTES IN A VERY LONG DAY. WHEN
YOU LOOK AT WHAT THE OTHER SIDE
PRESENTED IN DEFENSE OF THE
PRESENT. WHAT WE GET? NOTHING.
NONE OF YOU WILL DEFEND THE
PRESIDENT'S ACTIONS. BECAUSE YOU
CANNOT DEFEND THE INDEFENSIBLE.
YOU JUST CANNOT. EVEN IF YOU
LIKE HIM AND SUPPORT HIS ACTIONS
, YOU WILL NOT DEFEND WHAT HE
DID. IT'S QUITE A SIMPLE. IT'S
NOT COMPLICATED AT ALL. HE
OFFERED OFFICIAL ACTS IN
EXCHANGE FOR POLITICAL
FAVOR. HE IS A CLEAR AND PRESENT
DANGER TO DO IT AGAIN. IGNORE
THE POWER THE PEOPLE AND HE WILL
DO IT AGAIN. IT'S REALLY JUST
THAT SIMPLE. THE PRESIDENT HAS
SHOWN AS HIS PATTERN OF CONDUCT.
HE WILL MAKE CLEAR THAT HE WILL
CONTINUE TO CORRUPT THE 2020
ELECTION BY ABUSE OF POWER. WE
MUST ACT WITH A SENSE OF
EMERGENCY TO PROTECT OUR
DEMOCRACY AND DEFEND OUR
CONSTITUTION. THE HOUSE OF VOTED
TO IMPEACH 72 DAYS AFTER
AUTHORIZING AN INQUIRY. IT HAS
BEEN 94 DAYS SINCE CONGRESS
LAUNCHED THE INVESTIGATION INTO
THE PRESIDENT'S DEALINGS WITH
UKRAINE.
IMPEACHMENT IS A CHARGING
DECISION. LIKE A GRAND JURY OR
PROSECUTOR. WE HAVE SEEN MORE
THAN ENOUGH EVIDENCE
IT IS THE PRESIDENT WHO IS
ABUSING HIS POWER. WHAT IS NOT
FAIR
IS THE PRESIDENTS BLANKET
REFUSAL TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS
INQUIRY FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF
HIDING THE FACTS FROM THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE. FEDERAL COURTS
HAVE RULED THAT
CONGRESS HAS A CONSTITUTIONAL
RIGHT TO OBTAIN DOCUMENTS AND
TESTIMONY FROM THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION. ONE FEDERAL
COURT SAID THAT THE PRESENCE
OBSTRUCTION IS A FARCE AND HE IS
OPENLY STONEWALLING
. HE IS A FIRST PRESENT IS
ENGAGED IN WALL-TO-WALL
STONEWALLING. AN OUT RIGHT
COVER-UP OF HIS OWN BEHAVIOR. HE
HAS REFUSED TO COMPLY WITH ALL
OF THE CONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENAS
THAT HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO UNCOVER
THE TRUTH OF HIS MISCONDUCT.
ENACTED NO OTHER CITIZEN CAN DO
WITHOUT CONSEQUENCE. AS STATED
BEFORE , EVEN PRESIDENT NIXON
SHARED DOCUMENTS AND ALLOWED
CURRENT AND FORMER AIDES TO
TESTIFY AS PART OF THE
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS.
THE COMMITTEE STILL RECOMMENDED
AN ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT FOR
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
LAST NIGHT I REMINDED US THAT
THIS IS ABOUT PRESERVING AND
PROTECTING OUR DEMOCRACY FOR THE
LITTLE BOYS AND GIRLS ACROSS THE
NATION. THE DAY WILL KNOW WHAT
IT MEANS TO MAKE A PROMISE, A
PLEDGE AND TO KEEP IT. DEMOCRACY
IS A GIFT THAT EACH GENERATION
GIVES TO THE NEXT. THAT IS WHY
WE HAVE TO TAKE ACTION, WE HAVE
TO MOVE FORWARD, AND WE MUST
IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT. WITH THAT
MR. CHAIRMAN I YIELD THE
REMAINDER OF MY TIME TO MY
COLLEAGUE FROM FLORIDA.
>> THANK YOU.. I WANT TO
ANSWER WHAT WAS SAID EARLIER. I
WANT TO CLARIFY THAT I WITH MY
COLLEAGUES THAT YOU SEE
SYDNEY HERE. WE CAN COME TO
IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT. WE CAME
TO LOWER HEALTHCARE COST. WE
VOTED ON HR3
TODAY. WE VOTED ON THE VOTING
RIGHTS AMENDMENT ACT. WHICH MY
REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES VOTED
AGAINST.
WE DO NOT WANT RUSSIA, UKRAINE ,
OR CHINA MAKING
DECISIONS FOR US AND OUR
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT. THIS
PRESENT HAS COMMITTED THE
HIGHEST CRIME BY ABUSING THE
POWER OF HIS OFFICE. AND
INVITING FOR AN APPEARANCE IN
THE ELECTION. THAT IS WHY WE ARE
HERE TODAY. DO NOT CONFUSE
AMERICANS WITH FALSE CLAIMS.
AND PUSHING DEBUNKED
CONSPIRACY THEORIES. WE ARE HERE
TO TELL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE THE
TRUTH. I YIELD BACK. BUT GENTLE
LADY YIELD BACK. WHO SEEKS
RECOGNITION ?
>> I WOULD LIKE TO STRIKE THE
LAST WORD.
>>
MR. CHAIRMAN I HAVE LOST TRACK
OF THE NUMBER OF NEWSPAPER
ARTICLES THAT HAVE BEEN ENTERED
INTO THE RECORD IN THESE
PROCEEDINGS. IT IS A TELLING
COMMENTARY ON THE QUALITY OF THE
CASE THAT THIS COMMITTEE IS
RELYING ON. TO SUPPORT THE
EXERCISE OF ONE OF THE MOST
PROFOUND ACTIONS WE CAN
UNDERTAKE. IT UNDERSCORES THE
DERELICTION OF DUTY DRAFTING
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT WITHOUT
A
SINGLE FACT OR HEARING.
VIRTUALLY THE ENTIRE RECORD IS
THE SHIFT REPORT AND NEWSPAPER
CLIPPINGS. AS I REMINDED THE
COMMITTEE YESTERDAY. THE REPORT
WAS CONTRADICTED BY THE
INSPECTOR GENERAL'S REPORT.
MR. SHIFTS AT WORK IS NOT WHAT
YOU CAN CALL THE GOLD STANDARD
OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR
PRECISE ANALYSIS. NEWSPAPER
CLIPPINGS ARE NOT THE SOLID
FOUNDATION THAT SUPPORTS
WIELDING SUCH POWER. IMPEACHMENT
SHOULD BE MADE OF STERN STUFF.
BY NULLIFYING A NATIONAL
ELECTION IS AWAITING MATTER.
IF YOU'RE GOING TO DO THAT YOU
SHOULD HAVE A RECORD THE FACT
THAT NO REASONABLE PERSON CAN
DENY. A ONE-SIDED REPORT FROM
ADAM SCHIFF AND A NEWSPAPER
SCRAPBOOK IS
THE FOUNDATION OF IMPEACHMENT
THAT WILL CRUMBLE AND
DISINTEGRATE BEFORE THE SENATE
FINISHES THE CONSIDERATION.
ABUSE OF POWER IS THE VAGUE AND
EXPANSIVE GROUND THAT THE
FOUNDERS CONSIDERED
AND REJECTED IN FAVOR OF THE
NARROW GROUND OF TREASON ,
BRIBERY, OR OTHER HIGH CRIMES
AND MISDEMEANORS. UNLAWFUL
EXERCISE OF THE PRESIDENTIAL'S
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY IS NOT
IMPEACHABLE. THE MOMENT WE MAKE
IT SO THE PRESENT BECOMES A
SERVANT OF CONGRESS AND THE
SEPARATION OF POWERS THAT IS
PROTECTED OUR FREEDOM WILL BE
GREATLY DIMINISHED. THE PRESENCE
ASSERTION OF THE
LONG-ESTABLISHED BOUNDARIES IS
ALSO NOT IMPEACHABLE. ONCE WE
MAKE IT SO WE CLEARLY DIMINISHED
THE SEPARATION OF POWERS. THE
OVERWRITE
HYPERBOLE SHOULD WARN US THAT WE
ARE STRAYING INTO PARTISAN
MOTIVES THAT SHOULD NOT ANIMATE
THE IMPEACHMENT POWER OF
CONGRESS. OPINION HAS NOT
COALESCED AROUND THIS ACT.
THAT WE WOULD FURTHER DIVIDE AND
ALIENATE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
YOU SHOULD CLEARLY ARTICULATE
AND SUPPORT IT WITH ADMISSIBLE
EVIDENCE AND PUT IT IN THE
ARTICLES OTHERWISE
THIS IS A MATTER THAT THE
CONSTITUTION RESERVES TO THE
VOTERS AND NOT THE CONGRESS. BY
DENYING THE WITNESSES REQUESTED
BY THE MINORITY YOU BLIGHTED THE
COMMITTEE FROM GETTING THE WHOLE
STORY. IF YOU'RE CONFIDENT OF
YOUR CASE YOU SHOULD HAVE
NOTHING TO FEAR FROM WHAT A FULL
HEARING OF TESTIMONY WOULD
OFFER. THE MOST CHILLING
OBSERVATION I HAVE HEARD IS THAT
WE CAN DO THIS BECAUSE WE ARE
NOT RESTRICTED BY THE DEPARTMENT
OF JUSTICE. THE SAME RIGHTS OF
DUE PROCESS IN THE SAME FIDELITY
OF THE CONSTITUTION IS REQUIRED
OF US. THE IMPEACHMENT OF ANDREW
JOHNSON, CONGRESS MADE MANY OF
THE SAME MISTAKES THAT WE ARE
MAKING TONIGHT. I URGE MY
COLLEAGUES TO
CAREFULLY CONSIDER HOW HISTORY
HAS ADJUDGED THEM AND HOW IT
WILL JUDGE US. I YIELD BACK.
STRIKE THAT GENTLE LADY IS WRECK
NICE.
BUT WE CONTINUE TO HEAR THE SAME
EXCUSES FOR THE PRESIDENTS
BEHAVIOR. THIS IS SUCH A GRAVE A
MOMENT THAT WE ARE IN. WE ARE
TALKING ABOUT THE HIGHEST
CONSTITUTIONAL CRIMES, ABUSE OF
POWER AND OBSTRUCTION OF
JUSTICE. LET'S REVIEW THE FACTS.
MY REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES SAID
THAT THIS IS ABOUT CORRUPTION.
ALL OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP'S
AGENCIES ADVISORS, EVERYONE TOLD
HIM THAT UKRAINE HAD
PASSED ALL THE ANTICORRUPTION
BENCHMARK. THE DEPARTMENT OF
DEFENSE SAID THAT UKRAINE PASSED
THEIR REVIEW ON ANTICORRUPTION
BENCHMARKS. AND THAT NO FURTHER
POLICIES WERE NEEDED.
TRUMPS HE WAS GIVEN TALKING
POINTS BY THE NATIONAL SECURITY
COUNCIL. THAT SPECIFICALLY SAID
TO SAY THESE THINGS ABOUT
CORRUPTION.
TRUMPS HE DID NOT MENTION
CORRUPTION. HE DID NOT USE THE
TALKING POINTS THAT HE WAS GIVEN
THE ONLY NAMES THAT HE MENTIONED
WERE JOE AND HUNTER BIDEN.
IT WAS ALL ABOUT TRUMPS CONCERNS
ABOUT BURDEN SHARING WITH OUR
ALLIES.
THE INVESTOR TESTIFIED THAT HE
WAS NEVER ASKED TO GO TO
EUROPEAN UNION
. WHAT WAS GORDON SONDLAND TOLD
TO CONVEY?
THAT IT WOULD NOT INCUR UNLESS
PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY
ANNOUNCE INVESTIGATION. HE SAID
UNLESS PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR
ZELENSKY ANNOUNCE INVESTIGATION
THERE WOULD BE A STALEMATE OVER
THE AGE. WHAT WERE THOSE
INVESTIGATIONS? THE 2016
ELECTION INTERFERENCE AND
BURISMA. MEANING THE BIDENS.
TRUMPS HE HAD A LEGITIMATE
REASON TO INVESTIGATE JOE BIDEN.
IT MAKES NO SENSE. THE FACTS ARE
THAT THAT INVESTIGATION OF
BIDEN AND BURISMA WENT BACK TO
2015.
HE CLEARLY DID NOT HAVE A
PROBLEM WITH THE ISSUES OF 2015.
HE HAD TWO OPPORTUNITIES TO
RELEASE EIGHT AND HE DID.
SOMETHING CHANGE IN 2019. THE
ONLY THING THAT CHANGED IS THAT
JOE BIDEN STARTED BEATING
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP IN THE
POLLS. THE EVIDENCE IS CLEAR.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP SAID IT
DO US A FAVOR. WHO WAS THE S? HE
TOLD US EXACTLY WHAT HE MEANT.
HE TOLD PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR
ZELENSKY MEANT DEAL WITH RUDY
GIULIANI. TRUMPS PERSONAL
ATTORNEY. WHO KNOWS WHAT IS
GOING ON. HE COULD'VE GONE
THROUGH OFFICIAL CHANNELS IF THE
INVESTIGATION WASN'T LEGITIMATE.
HE COULD'VE ASKED THE DEPARTMENT
OF JUSTICE TO INITIATE THE
BIDENS. HE DIDN'T DO THAT
THIS WAS IN ABOUT OFFICIAL
POLICY. IT WASN'T ABOUT WHAT IS
RIGHT FOR OUR COUNTRY.
EVERY WITNESS TESTIFIED TO THAT
AS WELL. THIS WAS PERSONAL. IT
WAS ALL FOR PRESIDENT DONALD
TRUMP AND HIS POLITICAL GAIN. TO
BENEFIT
HIS REELECTION CAMPAIGN. AND
THAT IS WHY HE HAD HIS PERSONAL
ATTORNEY TO. HE ABUSED HIS
POWER, HE ABUSE THE POWER THAT
THE PEOPLE ENTRUSTED IT TO HIM.
HE ABUSED THE OFFICE. HE PLACED
OUR SAFETY, MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
OF TAXPAYER MONEY
AT RISK. HE CANNOT USE THE POWER
OF THE OFFICE. HE CANNOT USE IT
FOR HIMSELF. THAT IS THE
GREATEST ABUSE OF POWER. HE HAS
LEFT US NO CHOICE BUT TO IMPEACH
HIM. I YIELD BACK.
BUT THIS MORNING I BEGAN
OUTLINING THE IMPORTANT ROLE OF
THE DAY. MOST OF US ARE
ATTORNEYS. IN THIS CASE WE ARE
ALL CALLED TO SERVICE FINDERS ON
THE FACT. WE ARE SUPPOSED TO
CAREFULLY ANALYZE THE CLAIMS NOT
AGAINST OUR PERSONAL
PREFERENCES.
WE'VE DONE THAT FOR THE PAST 12
HOURS. IT IS TIME TO SUMMARIZE
OUR CASE. LITERALLY AT THE END
OF THE DAY. THERE TWO SHORT
ARTICLES TO THE RESOLUTION
BROUGHT BEFORE US. ABUSE OF
POWER AND OBSTRUCTION OF
JUSTICE. LET'S REVIEW BOTH.
SHOWING THAT PRESIDENT DONALD
TRUMP ENGAGED IN ANY SCHEME.
OR HE INTENDED TO INFLUENCE THE
2020 ELECTION. ALL THEY HAVE
ARGUED IS BASED ON HEARSAY,
SPECULATION, AND CONJECTURE. THE
TRUTH IS THERE'S NOT A SINGLE
FACT WITNESS IT CAN PROVIDE
TESTIMONY TO SUPPORT THEIR
PAPERTHIN CASE. WHICH IS
PRECISELY WHY WE BEEN GIVEN NO
OPPORTUNITY FOR A FACT WITNESS
OR MINORITY. THE EVIDENCE DOES
SHOW THAT TRUMPS HE HOLDS A
DEEP-SEATED SKEPTICISM OF
UKRAINE DUE TO ITS
HISTORY OF PERVASIVE CORRUPTION.
HIS ADMINISTRATION SOUGHT PROOF
THAT PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR
ZELENSKY WAS A TRUE REFORMER.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP WANTED TO
ENSURE THAT AMERICAN TAXPAYER
SECURITY WOULD NOT BE SQUANDERED
OVERSEAS
BY THE THIRD MOST CORRUPTED
NATION IN THE WORLD. THE
DISCUSSIONS WERE NEVER ABOUT
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IN 2020. BUT
WHAT HAD ALREADY HAPPENED IN
2016. THE DEMOCRATS A SECOND
CLAIM IS THAT PRESIDENT DONALD
TRUMP OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE BY
DOING WHAT EVERY OTHER PRESIDENT
IN THE MODERN ERA HAS DONE.
THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF AN
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE.
THE DEMOCRATS SHOULD HAVE GONE
TO FEDERAL COURT
TO GET A SIMPLE ORDER COMPELLING
THAT INFORMATION THAT THEY
SUBPOENA. THAT IS WHAT HAS BEEN
DONE IN THE PAST. THEY DID NOT
HAVE TIME FOR THAT HERE. BECAUSE
THEY ARE TRYING TO MEET THEIR
OWN RECKLESS TIMELINE TO TAKE
DOWN A PRESIDENT THAT THEY LOAD.
THE REAL ABUSE OF POWER IS ON
THE HOUSE DEMOCRATS. AS THEY
FEVERISHLY PURSUED THIS
IMPEACHMENT 20 TIMES FASTER THAN
THE IMPEACHMENT OF BILL CLINTON
. ALONG THE WAY THEY HAVE
STEAMROLLED OVER DUE PROCESS,
HOUSE RULES, AND THE FEDERAL
RULES OF PROCEDURE. THEY HAVE
IGNORED OR BLOCKED EVIDENCE,
INTIMIDATED WITNESSES,
RESTRICTED REPUBLICAN LINES OF
QUESTIONING, DENY WITNESSES ,
RESTRICTED REPUBLICAN REVIEW OF
EVIDENCE, AND VIOLATED PROPER
NOTICE THAT EVERY SINGLE STAGE.
THE FOUNDERS WARNED AGAINST A
SINGLE PARTY IMPEACHMENT FOR
GOOD REASON. THEY FEARED THAT IT
WOULD BITTERLY DIVIDE OUR
NATION.
OUR CHAIRMAN NADLER GAVE A
SPEECH ABOUT THAT 20 YEARS AGO
WHEN HE WAS DEPOSING BILL
CLINTON. THE OBVIOUS TRUTH
THAT LIBERAL COLLEAGUES HAVE
BOWED TO IMPEACH THEM SINCE THE
DAY OF HIS ELECTION. THERE
REASON THE DAY HAS CHANGED HALF
A DOZEN TIMES BUT THEY CAN NEVER
GET ANY TRACTION OR FAXED TO
JUSTIFY THE CONSPIRACY THEORIES.
AS THE NEXT ELECTION 2020 IS
DRAWING CLOSE. THEY MET
SOMEWHERE AND CONVINCED THE
HOUSE SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI THAT
THEY HAD TO PULL THE TRIGGER.
THE PROBLEM IS THEY HAVE DONE
THAT , AND IN ALL THOSE HEARINGS
THEY COULDN'T UNCOVER A SINGLE
REASON. THE RESULT IS WHAT THE
EXPERT WITNESS TESTIFIED.
I AM A CONSTITUTIONAL LAW
ATTORNEY BY PROFESSION. AND I'VE
ENJOYED THE DEBATE THAT WE'VE
HAD ON ARTICLE 2 SECTION 4.
EVERYBODY CAN READ THE
EXPRESS LANGUAGE. YOU NEED
TREASON, BRIBERY, OR HIGH CRIME
OR MISDEMEANOR. NONE OF THAT
EXISTS HERE.
AND EVERYBODY KNOWS IT. THOSE
HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS AT HOME
KNOW IT, OUR CONSTITUENTS OF
NOTE , AND EVEN OUR FRIENDS ON
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ROOM KNOW
IT. MY GOOD FRIEND MR. COHEN
SAID HE'S PROUD TO BE A
POLITICIAN. THIS IS A CALL FOR
POLITICIANS. THIS MOMENT CALLS
FOR STATESMEN. THIS IMPEACHMENT
IS GOING TO FAIL AND THE
DEMOCRATS ARE GOING TO
PAY A HEAVY POLITICAL PRICE FOR
IT. THE PANDORA BOX THEY'VE
OPENED WILL DO IRREPARABLE
DAMAGE TO OUR COUNTRY. AND THAT
IS A REAL TRAGEDY OF THE VOTE WE
ARE ABOUT TO TAKE. GOD HELP US.
I YIELD BACK.
>> A LITTLE WHILE AGO ONE OF MY
COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER SIDE OF
THE AISLE SAID THAT THE REASON
WHY AID WAS WITHHELD WAS BECAUSE
THE PRESIDENT WANTED TO
INVESTIGATE CORRUPTION. THE IDEA
THAT THE MOST
CORRUPT PRESIDENT THAT WE HAVE
SEEN IN RECENT. WITHHELD
MILITARY AID BECAUSE HE WAS
CONCERNED ABOUT CORRUPTION IS A
LUDICROUS.
AS MY COLLEAGUES HAVE POINTED
OUT, BOTH CALLS THE PRESIDENT
DONALD TRUMP HAD WITH PRESIDENT
VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY. HE NEVER
MENTIONED CORRUPTION. THE
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BEDDED
GIVING AID AND SAID IT WAS OKAY.
ONCE UPON A TIME PRESIDENT
DONALD TRUMP LOVED HIS A
GENERALS. THIS TIME HE IGNORED
THEM. MEMBERS OF CONGRESS
AUTHORIZED THE AID AND LOBBIED
THE WHITE HOUSE TO RELEASE THE
EIGHT.
STAFF AND THE OFFICE OF
MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET RESIGNED
BECAUSE THEY WERE WORRIED ABOUT
WHAT WAS GOING ON AND WHY THE
AIDE WAS WITHHELD. THEY WERE
WORRIED ABOUT WHAT THE PRESIDENT
WAS DOING. SOME OF THEM CUT
FUNDING FOR PROGRAMS TO DEAL
WITH CORRUPTION IN COMPANIES
LIKE UKRAINE. THE MAN THAT IS SO
CONCERNED ABOUT CORRUPTION HAS
INTERESTING FRIENDS. AND HE HAS
ROMANCE
WITH LEADERS FROM SAUDI ARABIA,
TURKEY. WE KNOW HIS NUMBER ONE
PAL IS
RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR
PUTIN. ALL THE PRESIDENTS MEN,
AND THE MEN AROUND HIM THAT WERE
INDICTED ,
ARRESTED, INCARCERATED. MY
MOTHER SAID IF YOU LAY DOWN WITH
DOGS DON'T BE SURPRISED IF YOU
GET UP WITH FLEAS. THE MAN WHO
CLAIMED
HE WANTED TO CLEAN UP THE SWAN
CREATED HIS OWN SWAB AND IS
DROWNING IN IT NOW. I DO HAVE TO
SAY THAT I HAVE EMPATHY FOR MY
REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES. THEY HAVE
TO DEFEND THE PRESIDENT AND THEY
DARE NIGHT
NOT STEP OUT OF LINE. IF YOU OF
MY REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES DID TRY
TO SAY THAT THEY DIDN'T BELIEVE
THE PRESIDENT'S CONDUCT WAS
APPROPRIATE. THEY GOT SLAPPED
QUICKLY. THE PRESIDENT SAID HIS
CONDUCT. THAT THE CALL WAS
ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
IT MAKES ME FEEL LIKE A MEETING
THAT WOULD TAKE PLACE IN NORTH
KOREA WHERE YOU HAVE TO PRAISE
THE LEADER. YOU HAVE TO FALL IN
LINE BECAUSE THE ENTIRE REASON
WAS CORRUPTION. YOU HAVE TO SAY
THAT HE DID NOTHING WRONG. ONE
OF MY COLLEAGUES SAID THAT WE
ARE LOWERING THE BAR ON
IMPEACHMENT. I BELIEVE WE HAVE
LOWERED THE BAR ON THE
PRESIDENCY. IT IS SAD TO SEE MY
COLLEAGUES WHO KNOW WHAT IS
BETTER. THEY ARE NOT ABLE TO SAY
IT. THEY KNOW THE MAN IS
CORRUPT.
THE PRESIDENT DOES NOT HAVE THE
POWER IN HIS OFFICE TO CORRUPT
ELECTIONS. WILL MOVE TO IMPEACH
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE
OF THE ABUSE OF POWERS, THE
BETRAYAL OF NATIONAL SECURITY.
IF MY COLLEAGUES ON THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE AISLE
CANNOT BRING THEMSELVES TO DO
WHAT IS RIGHT AND IMPEACH THE
PRESIDENT THAT THEY KNOW IS A
THREAT TO TO OUR ELECTION
. THAT THEY KNOW IS A THREAT TO
OUR STANDING IN THE WORLD. WE
WILL HAVE TO DO IT. AND WE WILL
HAVE TO MOVE TO IMPEACH. I YIELD
TO REPRESENTATIVE JACKSON LEE.
LIKE I THINK
THE GENTLE LADY FOR YIELDING. MY
CONCLUDING REMARKS. TO MY
FRIENDS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
AISLE. TO THE SOLDIERS WHO WEAR
UNIFORMS. I HAVE NO ANGST, NO
DISLIKE OF ANYONE WHO VOTED FOR
ANYONE IN 2016. I TAKE ISSUE
THAT ONE WOULD SUGGEST THE WORK
OF THIS COMMITTEE IS ABOUT A
DISLIKE FOR THOSE WHO VOTED FOR
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP IS BEFORE
THIS
COMMITTEE FOR HIS OWN BEHAVIOR.
FOR HIS OWN DESIRE TO DO WITH
PUBLIC MONIES IN A PUBLIC
POSITION TO DO A PRIVATE MATTER,
A POLITICAL MATTER. THAT IS TO
GET THE DIRT ON HIS 2020
POTENTIAL OPPONENT. IN HONORING
AND DEFENDING THE CONSTITUTION
WE DEFEND AND HONOR OURSELVES.
FOR THAT REASON AS AN INDICTING
BODY WE WILL GIVE THE
OPPORTUNITY FOR THE CONGRESS TO
DECIDE ON
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP'S
ULTIMATE RESULTS. I STAND WITH
THE CONSTITUTION
AND STAND FOR JUSTICE. I YIELD
BACK.
>> THE GENTLE LADIES TIME IS
EXPIRED.
>> FOR WHAT PURPOSE DO YOU SEEK
RECOGNITION ?
>> I MOVED TO STRIKE THE LAST
WORD.
>> FULL ME ONCE, SHAME ON YOU,
FULL ME TWICE SHAME ON ME
. WE ALLOWED THE PRESENT UNITED
STATES TO ABUSE HIS OFFICE FOR
HIS OWN PERSONAL GAIN
. SHAME ON ALL OF US. AND SHAME
ON OUR CONSTITUTION. WE KNOW
HE'S GOING TO DO IT AGAIN. ON
JUNE 12 HE TOLD GEORGE
STEPHANOPOULOS
THAT IF HE COULD RECEIVE HELP
FROM A FOREIGN GOVERNMENT AS HE
DID FROM RUSSIA HE WOULD DO IT
AGAIN. ON JULY 24 MUELLER
TESTIFIED AND SAID THAT THE
PRESIDENT COULD BE
CHARGED WITH 10 CRIMES OF
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. BUT THE
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE PREVENTS
HIM FROM DOING THAT. THE NEXT
DAY
THE PRESIDENT IT DID IT AGAIN.
EVERY PROSECUTOR WHEN THEY ARE
ASSIGNED A CASE WILL OPEN UP A
FILE. THE FIRST THING WE DO IS
LOOK AT THE RAP SHEET. WAS THIS
AN ABERRATION OR A PATTERN OF
CONDUCT THAT THE PERSON ENGAGES
IN.
IT'S NOT JUST PROSECUTORS THAT
USE A RAP SHEET. WE ALL DO IT IN
OUR EVERYDAY LIVES. IF YOUR
SMALL BUSINESS OWNER AND YOU'RE
HIRING AN EMPLOYEE AND YOU FIND
OUT THAT THEY HAVE MULTIPLE
THEFT FROM A PREVIOUS EMPLOYER ,
YOU WOULD PROBABLY NOT
HIRE THEM. IF YOUR PARENT
LOOKING FOR A BABYSITTER AND
MULTIPLE REFERENCES SAY THE
BABYSITTER IS ALWAYS LATE. YOU
WERE NOT OFTEN TO WATCH YOUR
KIDS. IF YOU GO TO A RESTAURANT
AND YOU SAW MULTIPLE BAD YELP
REVIEWS. YOU WOULDN'T GO TO THAT
RESTAURANT. THE PRESIDENT DOES
NOT JUST HAVE BAD REVIEWS. HE
HAS REALLY BAD PRIOR CONDUCT.
SERIOUS PRAYERS. HE IS A REPEAT
OFFENDER. CRIMES AGAINST OUR
CONSTITUTION, CRIMES THAT
ONE DAY MAY BE PROSECUTED. HE
HAS ABUSED HIS POWER IN THE
PAST. HE IS ABUSING HIS POWER
RIGHT NOW AND HE WILL ABUSE IT
TOMORROW
. WE HAVE A DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE IT WILL CONTINUE TO
PROTECT HIM. FORTUNATELY THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE A CONGRESS
THEY CAN SAY HE'S NOT ABOVE THE
LAW AND WE ARE NOT HELPLESS AND
HOLDING HIM ACCOUNTABLE. I YIELD
TO THE GENTLEMAN FROM RHODE
ISLAND. SO WE'VE HEARD A LOT OF
EXPLANATION AS TO WHY WE ARE
HERE.
WE DON'T LIKE THE POLICIES OF
THE PRESIDENT. THE ONE THING WE
HAVE NOT HEARD , THE REAL REASON
WE ARE HERE TONIGHT IS THE
CONDUCT OF THE PRESIDENT. THE
GRAVE MISCONDUCT. I WANT TO
RECOUNT QUICKLY THE EVIDENCE
THAT WAS PRESENTED IN TEXT
MESSAGES, CALLS, EMAILS
AND PRESS STATEMENTS AND TWEETS.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP
ACKNOWLEDGING THAT HE WAS
ENGAGED THROUGH RUDY GIULIANI
AND INVESTIGATING UKRAINE. THAT
PRESIDENT VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY IS
SENSITIVE ABOUT UKRAINE BEING
TAKEN SERIOUSLY.
THE DAVID HOLMES TESTIFIED THAT
THE REQUIREMENT WAS SO CONCRETE.
AND THE EVIDENCE GOES ON AND ON
OF THE PRESIDENTS EFFORT TO
CHEAT IN THE ELECTION AND USE
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS OF TAXPAYERS
MONEY TO ACHIEVE THAT OBJECTIVE.
THEY
TALKED ABOUT ABUSE BECAUSE THEY
UNDERSTOOD THAT IT WAS ENORMOUS.
THE PRESIDENT WOULD USE THAT
POWER NOT FOR THE PUBLIC GOOD
BUT FOR HIS OWN ADVANTAGE. THEY
CREATED ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT
TO GIVE A FINAL CHECK AGAINST
THAT ABUSE OF POWER. NO ONE IS
HERE BECAUSE WE WANT TO DO THIS
WE ARE HERE BECAUSE WE HAVE NO
CHOICE WE ARE NOT ACTING OUT OF
HATE BUT OUT OF THE LOVE FOR OUR
COUNTRY AND OUR DEMOCRACY. AND
WHEN GENERATIONS LOOK BACK THEY
WILL ASK WHAT DO WE DO TO
PRESERVE
OUR DEMOCRACY. THE ONLY THING WE
CAN DO IS HOLD THE PRESIDENT
ACCOUNTABLE.  IF WE DON'T THEY
WILL ASK WHY WE FAILED TO
PRESERVE THE GREATEST DEMOCRACY
ON EARTH THAT IS BEEN EXAMPLE TO
THE WORLD IN THIS MOMENT WE HAVE
TO FIND THE COURAGE TO ANSWER
THAT QUESTION FOR ALL FUTURE
GENERATIONS. I URGE MY
COLLEAGUES TONIGHT. WE MUST
APPROVE THESE ARTICLES OF
IMPEACHMENT. TO MAKE IT CLEAR
THAT NOBODY IN THIS COUNTRY IS
ABOVE THE LAW. EVEN THE MOST
POWERFUL PERSON IN THE PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES. WITH THAT
I YIELD BACK.
BUT THE RECORD IS CLEAR.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP ABUSED
HIS POWER BY SOLICITING FOREIGN
INTERFERENCE AND UNDERMINING THE
INTEGRITY OF OUR DEMOCRACY AND
OUR NATIONAL SECURITY. MY
REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES HAVE SPENT
ALL DAY ARGUING PROCESS. THAT IS
WHAT YOU DO WHEN YOU CANNOT
DEFEND THE INDEFENSIBLE. YOU
ARGUE PROCESS
. HERE IS A PROCESS CONCERNED
THAT YOU MIGHT REFLECT UPON.
EARLIER TODAY, MITCH McCONNELL
GAVE SOME INDICATION AS TO HOW A
POSSIBLE TRIAL IN THE SENATE MAY
RUN. THIS IS WHAT HE SAID. I'M
GOING TO COORDINATE WITH THE
PRESIDENTS OF LAWYERS SO THERE
WILL NOT BE ANY DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN US ON HOW TO DO THIS.
THE SENATE REPUBLICANS ARE GOING
TO COORDINATE WITH THE DEFENDANT
ON HOW THE KANGAROO COURT IS
GOING TO BE RUN. THAT IS A
PROCESS CONCERNED. THAT THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE SHOULD BE
WORRIED ABOUT. AMERICA IS A
RESILIENT NATION AND WE HAVE
BEEN THROUGH MOMENTS OF TURMOIL
BEFORE. WE HAVE ALWAYS COME
THROUGH. WE ARE A RESILIENT
NATION. LINCOLN SAID DURING THE
HEIGHT OF THE CIVIL WAR. AMERICA
IS THE LAST HOPE ON EARTH. FDR
SAID ON THE EVE OF THE SECOND
WORLD WAR, DEMOCRACY IS NOT
DYING.
REAGAN SAID IN THE MIDST OF THE
COLD WAR. THAT AMERICA IS A
SHINING CITY ON A HILL. WHAT
EXACTLY WILL HISTORY SAY ABOUT
US? WILL WE PUT PRINCIPLE OVER
PARTY? WILL WE PUT
THE CONSTITUTION ABOVE
CORRUPTION? WILL WE PUT
DEMOCRACY OVER DEMIGOD.
WHAT WILL HISTORY SAY ABOUT US.
I YIELD TO MY DISTINGUISHED
COLLEAGUE FROM THE GREAT STATE
OF TEXAS.
>> FOR ALL THE AMERICANS HAVE
BEEN LISTENING AND WATCHING ALL
DAY. GO TO THE EVIDENCE. OVER
100 HOURS OF TESTIMONY BY SOME
OF AMERICA'S GREATEST PATRIOTS.
MICK MULVANEY'S OWN WORDS. HE IS
THE PRESIDENT'S CHIEF OF STAFF.
AND FINALLY THE PRESENCE OWN
WORDS INVITING
RUSSIA, UKRAINE, AND CHINA INTO
OUR ELECTION.
THE REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES CLAIM
THAT THERE IS NOT ENOUGH
EVIDENCE.
WE HAVE A LIVING EXAMPLE THAT
WAS RELEASED JUST TONIGHT.
BEFORE I TALK ABOUT THAT EXAMPLE
, IF MY COLLEAGUES THINK THAT
THE PRESIDENT IS FREE FROM
WRONGDOING , I WOULD ASK THEM TO
JOIN US IN CALLING ON PRESIDENT
DONALD TRUMP TO RELEASE AT ALL.
RELEASE THE WITNESSES, RELEASE
THE DOCUMENTS, LET THE AMERICAN
PUBLIC MAKE UP THEIR OWN MINDS.
THE
OBSTRUCTION IS CAN BE IN.
TONIGHT WAS A VICTORY. THE
CENTER FOR PUBLIC INTEGRITY SUED
IN FEDERAL COURT. FOR DOCUMENTS
RELATED TO THE UKRAINE SCANDAL
AND THIS IS WHAT THEY GOT.
WHAT THEY GOT WERE HEAVILY
REDACTED DOCUMENTS. WHY? BECAUSE
THE PRESIDENT DOES NOT WANT